
"waiting to go to the movies later for my 6th month. booored."
"@xx_Megan_xx Same! Like the kisses on nights when she wasnt up for eviction! They were very badly edited"
"ugh lost the remote  gotta actually move to change channel wtf #twat"
"Is still stuck in the office working!"
"Just started feeling bad again  ugh. I hate it when I don't feel good!!"
"Cleaning the House! Im so boring.."
"Not gonna lie, i'm going to miss high school lunches. A lot. Damn."
"I'm so tired. I don't get how I am. I sat on the lawn mower and didn't push the whole damn thing."
"aw now where's that little asian girl who runs round pooping her pants in public? i miss laughing at her."
"got new sneaks today..can't wait to break them in..stupid rain"
"I need to go ouuut. I'm so bored."
"@Candyland3 thats terrible."
"Waiting for the dang pizza to cook. It's almost 9 and we still have not eaten wifey fail. Did I mention I feel like crap"
"1-Pendulum = awesome! 2-Goodbyes suck  3-Shut up plz. 4-Toy Story 3!!  5-JB 3D MOVIE 2MORO! 6-I'm tired. 7-Aaaand I'm out."
"@DanielFielding i tried listenin to music 4 half an hour! Tried readin a really boring book-still wide awake!"
"#todo Cleaning the Apartment - again - who keeps making this mess? oh yeah .. me. $10 + hug for the person to help come clean"
"@TrafficMike irregularly. And Im (half-assedly) working on an essay. by saying half-assedly I really mean not at all. Words not even open"
"@aussiecynic Watching you work is exhausing. Just thinking about it is making  me sleepy"
"doing my folio work but keep on getting distracted by deb pics"
"#com125: we have a quiz! again .. Feliza is bugging us again  its getting very annoying!"
"HEY YOU' ALL SUCK;its anybody on there :s im so bored common answear me"
"counting the minutes until I can go home"
"Stuck on NJ Transit for the past twenty minutes. Great way to start the week"
"reeeejuvinated  and bored as hell."
"@thebirdmachine: About 1pm.  Squeaking?! Hell squeaking?! D:"
"@LostinSweden too bad I don't drink  But Kentucky is cool tho.All my friends lived in Cincy and I was driving across existance every wknd."
"Good Morning twitters!!! I am soooo tired...I really need 2 stay off of twitter...LOL this shit is taking over my life...LOL"
"I'm SUPER tired and probably could sleep ALL day BUT I work 12:30 to 9:30 today in Tool Rental... Oh the Joy!!"
"@GregInsco thats another sponsor"
"i have been in the lounge for HOURS...and i have not been productive at all. upps time to go out"
"I'm my mom's company picnic at a Lake Elsinore Storm game. Oh the things we do to please moms"
"@onamatepiya piyaaa! hi. :] im hyper &amp; im bored &amp; im online &amp; im going to find pictures for the noteboook.  still cant send messages. grr."
"Nothing to do. Just sitting here. I can see Mrs. P and her husband"
"@jodimariethomas hey Jodi.. what's up??ugg.. im bored.. i just made a sundae.. c u monday.. ( hahaha it rymed...) loll. cu in school"
"should probably do some house work  for my mummy think id better. would cook dinner but im a shit cook lol xx"
"Time to get off the puter. Nite all."
"@RaceSpeed You are so welcome!!!  Keep 'em coming!"
"Listening to maylene and wondering why cant I pull off as many cool southern metal licks as them"
"Nothing relaxing on a Saturday night!"
"@heatedskates That may be, I still don't like hearing his name so much.   #blackhawks #canucks"
"@PurpleFoodie yeah...I hope it turns out... 20 more minutes!"
"@rhixz16 nothing much, juss really bored! hbu?"
"I think I might have to call it a night. Getting that falling feeling, need to fall into bed. Night, night, tweople!"
"(@Pina) i dont know why i follow sme of the ppl that i do... they e anoying and boring. * note to self -unfollow peeps on monday morning"
"@DanniPandemos ok .... Here 409 is a cleaning soln .... Blah.... Over and out"
"today was boring...harry potter ftw"
"Prom is so over rated!! Irritated... Going to bed goodnight"
"1:36 AM screw it im going to bed... one love"
"Watching mens volleyball on TV.  For some reason its not as good as womens beach volleyball.  Cant quite place why"
"@carlysmum lol takes some getting use to  Just replying to your email. Power keeps cutting out here :S"
"@lovely_sara I'm sitting in the bus to dublin And listen tokio hotel-reden.And i must laugh.you know why"
"@astrylnaut yeah talking to you was too boring"
"just finished some Sunday cleaning, waiting to read the next chapter of Kiyosaki's book so i can hit a cleaner"
"@ncreations MBB has been cryopreserved. May return in the future..."
