
"Re-pinging @ghostridah14: why didn't you go to prom? BC my bf didn't like my friends"
"Hmmm. http://www.djhero.com/ is down"
"Choked on her retainers"
"@PerezHilton lady gaga tweeted about not being impressed by her video leaking just so you know"
"@raaaaaaek oh too bad! I hope it gets better. I've been having sleep issues lately too"
"I ate Something I don't know what it is... Why do I keep Telling things about food"
"On my way home n having 2 deal w underage girls drinking gin on da bus while talking bout keggers......damn i feel old"
"Damm servers still down  i need to hit 80 before all the koxpers pass me"
"I HATE CANCER. I HATE IT I HATE IT I HATE IT."
"I need skott right now"
"just picked up her Blackberry from the middle of the street! Both she and it are crushed!"
"Why do I have the feeling I should be packing and hitting for SFO around this time of the year? I think I'm missing something..."
"Bed!!!!!... its time,..... hope i go to school tomorrow, all though i don't feel very well right now"
"@onscrn Ahh.  ... Well, I was hoping that I could learn some stuff on the way. ... Why not you and I work on separate things but also"
"why am i so tired?"
"sucks not being able to take days off of work or have the money to take the trip  so sad"
"@itsgabbith at once haha.  poor aby still gets sore!"
"@DavidCookLove ia so much! i haven't really been happy with any of cooks choices for singles."
"So i think my son might have the flu cause I def. just cleaned up a stanky puke mess  Poor pumkpin"
"...and all woman who transfer their first impressions (sexual/maternal) onto a less 'threatening' man -- are themselves as weak as 'Him'"
"Bitten to blood by my cat, on my way for a rabies bacterin. Seems 7 shots for 2 months. Never wash my cats at home again, they hate water"
"is sad that shin ae got married...and it wasn't to alex"
"@shondarhimes Sure you will tweet about this when you're back, but news is abuzz about TR Knight's leaving &quot;confirmed&quot; today.  Muy triste."
"goooood mooorning people... sun is out.. definitly spring now, we had our first spring hail storm, my car has dimples now.."
"fresh prince and sleepy sleeps my nightly routine  gotta go to Dmv early tmrw"
"@emmarler i am jealous of your mom talking to @taylorswift13. i want to see you all our twittering is making me miss you"
"I can't sleep...I keep thinking about the puppy I played with today"
".. I'm suppposed to be sleep. But i got some much to do. &amp; i got that one part of the song stuck in my head &quot;your a jerk (iknow)&quot;  blaahh"
"Last one month due to summer, strawberry is not availble in the Chennai markets!"
"First ever dropped call on my mobile. On a call to @Telstra no less! ( being charged for data even though I have a data pack  )"
"Oh no one minute too late! Oh well"
"ahh! big scary bug flying around my room!!!!!"
"is up with a nasty cough i cant be sick i have a huge weekend ahead of me"
"@poinktoinkdoink He died.  Wait, what about Magic Jack? I just read it."
"$#@! My nose stud fell out and I can't find it  Looks like I'll have to head into Amsterdam today and get a new one"
"I cant sleep, but im too sore to move"
"Achieving a new appreciation on how a xml build script can really be painful and cumbersome"
"@omfgiselle i cant do anything"
"My head hurts so bad I could scream!"
"i just go up and IM SO TIRED and my airmatras is broken somewhere and now im in even more pain"
"New work wellness challenge not going well.  I committed to not check email between 10 pm and 6 am.  Failed on first day.  Twice"
"New blog post: [Blog] auto insuran...: I just found that my auto insurance policy had been expired. ( I am too careless  ...) .. Meanw ..."
"oh men!!!!!!......I really can't see my face........c'mon guys!!!"
"I'm showing my age. Renewed my tags last week, went down $20. Got my insurance renewal email today, went down $100. I don't wanna be old"
"my sole supporter is not my sole supporter"
"@Emilyyy16 urgh stop it guys"
"Up reading tabloids about other people's lives...thinking what I'm gonna do with mine when my baby leaves?"
"I got a giant splinter stuck up underneath my finger nail today at Muppets...it hurt.  But I got to go to First Aid for the first time!"
"is feeling sad... for some reason..  http://plurk.com/p/wxji3"
"@jaychuck Its so addicting, but its kind of a curse to do them at night time. Everytime i do one, i feel like making music afterwards"
"@jertronic it wont let me"
"Spent last night in A&amp;E (ER). Wife tangled wheels with Daughter &amp; hit the deck. Dislocation &amp; fracture resulted."
"@TheLastDoctor 9 days  I'm about ready to visit Torchwood and see if they've heard anything"
"Ate Mandy, please forgive me. I really am sorry. I don't wanna lose my Bff"
"why are plane tickets so expensive"
"Needs a job BADLY!!!"
"Went to Di Bella coffee roasters today and asked for a job...   The person I needed to speak to is on holiday...  #fb"
"people in my house do not know how to close doors"
"@munchkinhugs I don't like the possibility of the left side of my brain hurting because of the thing called a VP shunt and possible death"
"wants to make a music profile but i don't have money i don't know how to write music i don't know how to play an instrument and no studio"
"It's 1:15 AM, and I hear a helicopter flying over my house. That's kind of weird. In other news, my headache is back. BOOOOO."
"@__sugar oh no  i am always here ;) &lt;3"
"i think the vog is making me sicker than i think. feeling slightly achy"
"i am doing homework it sux big time maths is the worst!!!!!!"
"I downloaded the new twitterfon update thinking they were fixing the typing problem for new tweets, but no, they didn't"
"i'm sooooooooooooo confused"
"Work day 7 of 7,"
"@SuperJerry No refunds but they do retrieve accounts, takes like a week. Just hoping the thief doesn't use hacks or then it's permaban"
"not super keen on the drive home through the rain.. additional concentration required that i don't really wanna deal with"
"no transport for church  wont be making it, im crushed. Oh well, more time for assignments I suppose. My throat really hurts ..."
"@seemouserun so I tried jumping without the trampoline and its like thud* thud*  shouldn't have eaten that cookie.  http://myloc.me/1XIz"
"I have forgot the live with the Jonas Brothers on Facebook"
"I have to admit, I'm a bit bummed out that I wasn't with my friends walking today...."
"my twitter has been hacked again"
"@jmoriarty I don't even want to know WHY you know about VHEMT, but don't go - we'd miss you"
"OMG-ness it's 11:18 pm and I need to beup early to set up my garage sale it starts a 8am, wish I said 9am. I'm beat."
"Okay, so twitter suddenly changed, how do I respond to messages now"
"Decided that no matter how good my hair looks curly it doesn't justify the burn I get from the curler! My hands covered  I suck at it!"
"sprained my ankle  like really badly and tore some stuffs. it hurts! and its my birthday weekend"
"Hope I get a job cuz we need an apartment. I'm drunk &amp; miss my lil punkin  TEHE!!!"
"just got home! not wanting to read the last chaper of breaking dawn cause i dont want it to beover"
"I need to be held...  Gnite."
"Hanging out with sam, billy, and veronica. not going to school tomorrow to take sam to body shops. Dang car accidents"
"@blood_rain i wanna see her hair  hows everyone?"
"Aww...  Pray for the arroyo family everyone!"
"@wuzzyangel You never answered your DM I sent you....   I need your info..."
"Am trying to get through the pilot of the first season of friday night lights. Oh gosh  Pass the tissue..."
"I have cystic lacrimal infectection?? my eye and face are swollen and it hurts!!"
"@jose3030 I didn't think anyone caught that"
"looks like i'll never go to the zoo"
"@djvinceadams Ohh poor girl  I'll email her... I am relying on you being here in October Mr!!"
"@Moss1982 bad times?"
"@SharonHayes Thank you for the rec but that doesn't work"
"My puppy Gizmo h8s me..  haha. He still growls @ me.  I always look back @ my long pruple scar on my fingie"
"I don't know how ima work out tomorrow wit my body dis sore  ugh"
"I'm feeling this pressure in my head that always kicks in just before a nasty headache. I'm not looking forward to this."
"I'm suppose to turn in a sentence outline for my research paper within the hour online but my neck hurts."
"Lady across the way had a miscarriage, say a prayer"
"I feel so deflated. No more doggy."
"is feeling bad  just got bad news about my Mum"
"don't feel like working  I think I tweet this too often!"
"vineri...nimic special sau probabil un alt weekend pierdut..."
"got to final table, but....went out third.  Don't think I'll be getting my free seat"
"The humpalow um ya I think so... Cell is dying"
"Last day at work...Sick to the bone"
"i feel like I'm on house arrest."
"@cosmiclagoon Did you know that there is a shortage of shells for crabs to use on the beach due to beach combers? It is very sad"
"It's a sad economy. Just heard of another friend losing their job.  so sad. But just a reminder that..."
"@jarekpastor I'm just starting to feel really panicky and anxious that something bad has happened cos it seems like it's been ages"
"my dog ran awayyy"
"I'm back. top molar extracted  swollen face, all numb.  But no more toothache or sinus pain."
"does anyone know any good rap songs? i need to make a rap/fun cd and i have no idea  helllllpppp"
"my mobile phone refuses to charge!!  either the battery is broken or the chargerrr ( booooo"
"@Kirsten613 oh how i wish you would get her to sign something then send it to me or let me call you when you meet or something"
"@kimberly625 hmmm, I thought u were sleeping!! Too bad I can't see those videos until tomorrow night."
"@charloro jealous  it looks like schindler's list in toronto"
"Nearly fell asleep, but was jolted out of bed by a massive panic attack and now I'm not sure if I can sleep at all."
"Tactical mistake: going to the city library and buying milk. Who knew? OUCH OUCH OUCH. Maybe a good thing I didn't try for uni."
"my stomach feels like it's touching the ground..i'm SO full"
"Sooo much work so little time"
"Ugh, my internet was down!"
"is feeling so giddy and wanna go home."
"Up and packing. Its the last day of youth camp"
"Somebody please save the polar bears!"
"It has come to my attention from a 16yo friend that I've recently gained a TON of weight. He didn't know it was me."
"guess im staying home tonight...no movie-ing for me"
"@BuzzEdition reminds me of the weather a month ago it was horrible  I hope all is well hugs"
"@JayDz hope ya sleepin well  guys still here"
"damn being drunk and hot sucks"
"is not sleeping because he has paperwork to do."
"Showered in ice-cold water. Sweating now. Means one thing: I'm sick"
"midnight cry.. wish the person I wanted, wanted me right now"
"Went to pole class. Feeling discouraged. I am hopeless when it cones to dancing or sexy moves or spreading my legs."
"@RoasterBoy And these poor, unfortunate souls don't appear to have any pants at all...  ? http://blip.fm/~78qvz"
"@damohopo @StephanieEllen If I told you how often I wash my hair you would never speak to me again"
"Looks like another sleepless night dedicated to homework. Sorry in advance, Ms. Chapman."
"@jessicaduncan http://twitpic.com/662vk -  WHY DO U LOT MOCK ME!!!"
"didnt say goodnight to you"
"@Syo_of_the_dead I met a stranger just 10 min ago. He was stalking me at the store"
"Taking Horse Pills, hoping I can get some sleep tonight"
"Looks like it's going to be too nice to work today, how annoying as I have no choice"
"is desperatly hoping my dad takes me to vanessa's game"
"@pb_and_jay hi!  Fuck your job!"
"Somebody please save the polar bears!"
"My nose is runny, my head is pounding, and teeth hurt like a bitch. MAN. @-) I feel awful.  =(("
"At the Grove for 'Drag Me to Hell.' I hope that it doesn't suck."
"@NOLAevol so i feel like shit for saying HAPPY BELATED BIRFDAYY.. i'm only a month late"
"hoping i didn't fail english. that would just be sad"
"Know what would be great? For my shoulder to stop hurting so I can sleep normal again.  I just want/need a few solid hours of good sleep."
"I knew I should've worn the SARS mask on the plane from SoCal.. feeling the beginnings of a sore throat"
"@laurelexmachina awww I wish I could have been there  I'm stuck here about to jab out my eyes with knitting needles"
"finished sewing for the night, uploading pictures from slidebar and beach. i cant believe i am having difficulties with twitter!"
"#liesgirlstell  a guy calls her phone to see if the number is real ) ohh my phone isn't working . try tomorrow ."
"#beer #friday #melbourne #cbd #mtub #mini #cmon Thirsty and lonely ... you buggers are making me feel like a scotty no mates"
"@debbylovespr I know. We came back from 22 down in the 1st just to lose the lead in the last 6 minutes."
"gosh... summer vacation is almost over here at the philippines.. kinda sad..  i wonder what section will i be in?"
"I'm bummed that I can't wear my sweet Nike kicks to work."
"@Pickleybaby - your twitter is broken"
"@rachelasha I even saw the news feeds of the archie website. But can't believe he'd choose veronica. I'm disappointed"
"depressed that i wasn't included in the morcom gardens quiz on facebook"
"@dravenreborn yeah, its still totally in the high 60s here. soooo notlooking forward to aug and sept up here"
"@ashleypratt Oh come on!!! You get next week off and I get next week full of exams!"
"@vocabularies i know, don't tell anyone  i dont know if my dad told the famz yet. i think i'm taking it online."
"My children have promised me birthday brekkie in bed. There's a problem with that in that there's bugger all food in the house"
"@RDeRozario woops! I only just realized my DMs to you are not going through"
"@prime8507 PC I agree...  We have a problem. We must stop spending and only work!!!"
"Morning ;Sports day today, and I have to do the three-legged race with @Weefeetfrankie  ; Mr Pettigrew said I'm not aloud to trip her up"
"Cannot sleep. 2+ hours of tossing and turning."
"Omg going to die of swine flu when I go to Melbourne"
"@crispynoodles plus I just deposited tax return cheque but for first time in 7+ years it didn't clear immediately"
"@AshleighRyder I knooww  &amp; my hot water bottle iss in whangamata without me. ahhhhh"
"Holy crap! It's raining in LA and I don't have a jacket!  oh no."
"Wish I could attend E3 this year. But these small events like the NBA and Stanley Cup Finals keep getting in the way.   Work, work, work."
"Rejecting all food substances."
"@bigyahu no I was trying to interview Dr Paul Twomey, CEO of ICANN. Phone issues cut the interview from 30 mins to 15."
"@meghanwong don't think i can take a needle. watched a horribly gory short film on drugs a few months ago. i'm scarred for life."
"@jprestonian It feels not good."
"Thinking about getting up for work"
"I was a very naughty girl tonight. dissappointed with myself"
"@rbuerckner That's better than Missy 8 telling me I should be on The Biggest Loser"
"@elephantgravy my new lens isn't working. It worked for a bit and now gives an fEE error"
"back at school again. almost weekend. oh wait, i gotta work from eight to four tonight"
"doing my english essay (on r&amp;j...wtf) that i should have done a long time ago when it was assigned last thursday"
"@Tiff_Tiff_Marie  I think I do it too much...."
"@GQbound I didn't end up really eating  had more snacks. sigh"
"@Harishk: @krist0ph3r @saurabh sorry guys i have to drop out of the trip... some personal commitments.."
"At Rocky Cola Diner in Whittier tonight with teacher pal Mr. B, we had a great time chatting but no one else came..."
"ummm sooo yeh....its really hard to concentrate rite now wen i have this weird #lupus feeling goin thro my body"
"@charleyboorman http://twitpic.com/65623 - OUCH!! That looks so painful"
"All I want to do is sit back &amp; relax for a little while. How can that be this difficult?!"
"@zhenerak I thought I was your best friend?"
"god i cant even catch public transport. swine flu is shit house"
"Dad just said that our trip to UK is cancelled, due to da swine flu. Ooops! Sorry abang."
"@goddessfleur youre so far away, I don't know what to do...."
"@omgjoker o its feels like a hot box and no matter where i go in here it still feels like a hot box! ice cream isn't working n e more"
"Very Sad.... please get better Grandma"
"@aannniieee uuuugh  i hate everything"
"Gosh. Today's weather is HOrriTerrible! Extreme hotness. I'm losing a lot of water weight by doing nothing.  - http://tweet.sg"
"Is taking a moment to reflect...I want my annonymity back,FB!!!!  Is it safe to say anything about someone else to another friend again?"
"@alyssainescruz aww. me too  annoying!!! :|"
"@RockedByPickler well I don't have vacations so let's NOT go there"
"I think im being ignored...by my best friend, jake....a) i hate being ignored. b) we all know how things go with him"
"Taking a nap after work=no sleep right now. The nap felt soooo good but now it seems like a bad idea"
"is going home... I've seriously had enough"
"@skyduke478 that makes me sad for you"
"Feels like im going to cough up a lung"
"@thedailysurvey Why do we love those that we cannot have?"
"I lost 4 followers over night, nobody likes me"
"I want a new phone  I've seen too much cellphone commercials ("
"@Anime81  I'm soo sad. It's just on the edges of the pages, but it's not gonna come out. *cries*"
"this time, i really need to shut it.. i'm going to sleep! my head aches badly and i really can't take it.."
"Oh no, hubs is so sick! I hope I don't catch it"
"Ran out of money. I r a sad panda"
"@RitikaKar  http://bit.ly/179jxS But gotta wiat till next week  btw...you from Mumbai itself?"
"i have a really bad head ache  gonna go to bed i might be back maybe not bye bye"
"friends from Traveller's Tales held a farewell party for me but I kinda disappointed them that I would still be here until Sep. My fault."
"@bethBABE4 Oh yeah, i'm the poorest person of all. But i shouldnt joke about that, poor other people"
"@janesas_mommy oh  well i hope she gets better"
"@jordskkk who are the crew? please dont be me...  i dont think it is but i could be wrong i have been a number of times..."
"haven't watched gossip girl in ageeees ! and need one tree hill season 3 . god i'm so slow"
"Up early again tomorrow... heading to bed now. I keep saying I'm going to take a midday nap, but it hasn't happened this week yet..."
"@imjustlalayone  I'm so sorry .. ya gotta let me know! I've been booked all week!"
"@letsgeticecream I miss you!  Come to Michigan like now....I can't wait till July"
"farrrrr . pdhpe assignment due next week and have english homework !"
"forgot his access card in the car�too lazy to fetch it"
"@4EvaAFanOfPaula hun are you okay? I see alot of your posts your exercising like mad,not eating or sleeping"
"@carrotmadman6 What happened? I'm afraid I missed a large part of the story"
"Dell FX100 Pc-over-IP audio device (Teradici) is giving me a hard time in #Linux #Ubuntu Jaunty  Kernel isnt loading the snd-hda-intel drv"
"sooo.... Hot in here hufff....."
"closeness or distance? closeness... but now everything seems so distant..."
"Ahhhhh! My &quot;Let The Right One In&quot; DVD broke"
"@hisheidi  my thoughts dwell on a certain person"
"fml my work uniform is on the washing line"
"ohh shit i just realized she still not talking to me  it b like dat some times.."
"@MelissaLynnette naw, it doesnt match up LOL and i have no shenanigans to discuss...  but i did do the thing..."
"@mayora not this part, unfortunately."
"@soverpeck dude, i didn't know it was a personal experience. sorry something like that went down"
"@A_Lay aww well I just randomly woke up and now I can't sleep! Too many things on my mind"
"@donperignon me too baby... Miss you"
"all my pancakes always end up soggy."
"4 very big ???zongzi) for lunch, ate more, but not work more.Work less but eat more, what  can I do w/h it? Too useless become."
"Why do none of my thoughts make sense when I'm sober?"
"I cant to sleep and tomorrow i must wake up too early"
"@JustDes As it is now, my body has already developed a mind of it's own but that mind refuses to co-operate with set schedules"
"Nursing bruises from motorbike crash on Wednesday night leaving London workplace. The ground is so much harder the older you get"
"so bored, i have a headache."
"another build failed! something is not right in the big scheme of things!"
"My wife took my last �20, no McDonalds breakfast for me today"
"I keep on falling asleep when I'm suppose to be awake. I miss my babyy.."
"On my way to nottingham..I so don't want to be going"
"I need to wake up earlier so I'm actually tired enough to fall asleep"
"@bethBABE4 Oh poor beths friend  i'm not naughty, i'm just unperfect."
"@BrianLimond Ever seen the tv show Dead Like Me? I died and became a grim reaper. Taking people's souls after accidents"
"Steam Punlk fashion show at Anime North and for the first year since TorCon we aren't back til @Anticipationsf &amp; missed it"
"I am dying to hangout on a Friday afternoon..."
"Eh.. it's cold"
"class color day tomorrow! last time!  I have a lot to remember for tomorrow but I bet I'll forget -_-"
"@keytar @badtwin BUT THEY ARE EXPENSIVE."
"Misses his twitastic fwiends"
"@Deziree_Divine take my advice lookin through the phone cost me my relationship"
"@WTF_JayR oh, i know how budgeting is."
"Gorgeous weather, but no bike"
"I have drunk hickups. I had a pretty laid back, great night. But I still can't help but be mad about the situation I put myself in"
"why do i think i have to take medicine cuz i was laughing to hard?. my head should not be in this much pain. i thought laughter was gud"
"My tongue still hurts.  I need to sleep!!!"
"needs a little lie down. not feeling great today. boo"
"its from all that anal sex, i forgot the lube. damn  may need to go to the E.R."
"Playn madden with austin. Im going to miss him.."
"PLEASE MAKE THE LIVECHAT ON SATURDAY CUS I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL ON WEEKDAYS(5/6 AM here)   @Jonasbrothers"
"I want to go back to bed but have a child to look after!  I may sleep all of sunday, my enevitable hangover may require it!"
"I just got mad tired so no sex  sleepytime night!"
"@scotty_mcc bye, Scotty!  i'm gonna miss you. ily&lt;333"
"New Comment On Jowki:  I wish I had the time to blog more often  http://cli.gs/ZzRe1P"
"we can get a temporary tattoo. I would be totally sad if he died."
"@professor12 gray! .... i so feel neglected"
"@Desert_Star95 oh so you know how I feel then  Damn representative for bank of america tried to make it sound like I did it. What a b ..."
"is tired and cold and runny"
"someone save me!! i dont want to pack anymore"
"bruise on knee will make it hard to skate tomorrow."
"NO FREE WIFI!?!? My vacay is ruined!!!!"
"Trying to sleep without any pills... Not working. 3am and wide awake. But now it's too late to take them because I'll sleep til 3pm"
"Phone will die soon. What to do now? Oh no!"
"Forgot my power cable at home today"
"I can't sleep. I can't find my grandmother's quilt or locket. I'm sick at myself cause I may have lost them somehow. Or they were stolen"
"@ZachMoore1 I thought I was going to see a pic of your clean car"
"@hot30 i want to! but im not over 18 and t&amp;c says over 18's only  wanna make an exception for me ;)"
"@ingridkerr No, but it does amazing things with keeping all your online conversations in one place... unfortunately that place is Google"
"@ddlovato Yayyyyyyyyyyy!!!!! but thats sp far away!"
"@Sageey My public talk in July got canceled and I don't know why."
"Feeling so rough today, just want a cuddle and some sleep"
"@portugaltheman Where'd the songs go on the site, I want &quot;Do You&quot; on this computer too"
"first puppy gone 2 new home."
"feeling extremally ill"
"&quot;my name is Tony!!!!!! ...not hey!!!!&quot; -  poor tony"
"back time.  I wish I was a teenager again. I wish I could feel healthy again. I can't remember what it's like to feel healthy anymore."
"@YEPNAYDEA I don't have ur #...anymore, I think!!"
"Damn i have something to say and no one is listening"
"@Jessicaveronica OMG YAYA!!! we put you #5 please not the end of the year"
"I miss the old healthy me and I am loosing faith that I ever will be again"
"gonna get off to try and catch some Z's, no more high school after tomorrow! which really sucks  i wish i didn.. http://tinyurl.com/lk9ag8"
"Rawr and whatnot. I am having a godawful drawing night tonight... even less progress has been made than I expected."
"I miss my daily quotes! Why don't i get them anymore? @sschabowski am I kicked from your mailinglist?"
"@MateRiaLGirL1 I won't b hereeeeee. Imma b in georgia  and then I'm off to LA. Grrrrrr!"
"@sensonize ohh sorry , thats someone else's pic  my bad"
"Missed my train by 5 secs  yesterdaynight knijp, jaap &amp; flashback. Now sitting on the blisters. If you know what I mean. ;)"
"Why am I still upppp????? LOL.  Work in less than 5 hours."
"@Bam_Hall Is that why you aint answer my call? Thought we were homies!?"
"gnite  Fukn Nite * wanted sum {pinga} but couldn't get any"
"Finally watched the rest of The Guild Season 2. I always feel so sorry (and hopeful at the same time) for your char, @feliciaday"
"Just spoke to Keith Urban's record company, we can't get him on the show till we're back from holidays  sorry Jack, we're trying mate!"
"Summer Glau to appear in Dollhouse next year http://tinyurl.com/mnrezc ... I still can't believe they won't renew TSCC"
"@HoptonHouseBnB now theres a thought .... do you still get goldfish at the fair ?? not seen them for years"
"@cocoy @mike_online That's the sad thing about it."
"Oops, Corey saw my last tweet. I guess I'M not getting laid tomorrow."
"feels disappointed..mahirap talaga mag-supervise ng tao..  http://plurk.com/p/wxqwa"
"I dont get twitter  Someone help me!"
"watching two of my patients die tonight has put me in a funk. one was young."
"The Aila Cyclone left my house in Calcutta with a broken sunshade, balcony and a huge branch of tree thru our bathroom window....."
"@hot30 guys why did paranoid drop out of the countdown?? thats so not fair  iv voted heaps for it!!!!!"
"@tanyaDlove whats up? im sad  you didnt text today."
"have to wear my glasses today, cos my right eye is swollen and i don't know why"
"@lizhodgins I heard your moving to Sydney next year im not happy"
"still has half a math worksheet, science WB pages + worksheet, and english to go! feels a sniffle and dry eyes coming along too."
"Never has a chance of sleeping before midnight  my mind is so tired......"
"happy to b home .. then my mind wanders an I can't sleep"
"weebo is dying"
"4 cases of swine flu!"
"@relly1 Hopfully a quiet one @ home,,, No cash to do anything  Then u coming 2 the pub 2moz 2 watch the Pups???"
"Got a flat on the way in today - Pot hole. Another thing to tick off the &quot;crap things that can happen in a week&quot; list"
"@FrankieTheSats people are pathetic  how do u know some one is trying?"
"Complicated with a dream"
"meh, almost didn't sleep, ain't finished anything, I'm close to cancel the Dokomi"
"Hospitals unnerve me  ~  waiting for the Doc, flipping thru magazines  ~"
"Awake, no migrane (yey) but tummy is hurting, evil IBS"
"@rsuenaga im not at litle oven tonight"
"wow i'm really reallly ill"
"mary hates me again  i wana walmart it butno one wants to go"
"is feeling really sick"
"My face an my arms. Tragic. Seriously."
"@andyclemmensen you didnt send me the text"
"Damnit. I have run out of candy coated books."
"tummy hurts"
"sitting in school  sucks to be me!"
"Ew I have creepy followers"
"Insomniaaaaaaa..... all night trying to get a sleep... no luck... and now have to work"
"@Muhammad_Adel they didn't reply yet.. wait till they confirm.. in case somebody might have translated it already.."
"It was my baby bros last time singing in front of his school  im so so proud of him !!! but when did i get old  im only 22!"
"http://twitpic.com/664oz - this is what happens when i have no models"
"can't find Skins on the stacks, @milosundae  90210/The Hills? wdyt?"
"I still miss him... And i dont think he's coming back"
"My tummy still hurts  another cubs game tom...goood night."
"@TreverKeith come back to Perth     I missed the show here!"
"My baby was so drunk I brought her home for an hour to pass out then carried her to the car"
"@JonConnelly You can vote every 20 mins I'm on page 2   http://twurl.nl/hxux3o"
"I can't find my ipod"
"@allysonalfonso yeahh, yeah its the hifi lol. grr dads being a pain, he said if i dont find anyone to go with i cant go :@"
"finally off to bed almost everything is packed gotta be up in about 6 hours to get ready for a double shift of work"
"My throat hurts and I can't sleep."
"i pulled a muscle in my neck this morning just feels like its getting more sore"
"@yahyan where did you go babe?"
"its raining  now my hair will gett all gay"
"@JERI7YN aww you're going back to east coast again?i haven't even seeen you!"
"Is feeling really bad about goofin' on @NinaParkerTMZ not knowing she really wasn't at the meeting! Dang I'm sorry! Me &amp; my big 'ol mouth"
"@nassrenj I miss u guys too  I prob won't b bk til august sumtime... But if I come bk anytime b4 then ill 4 sure let u kno!"
"Been up since 5am with my poorly sick baby girl"
"worried about Mr. Socks tonight."
"@JAYOJAY I'm straining to hear but it's very hard from all the way over here."
"The birds are out,, oh man... That's NOT cool &amp;&amp; I didn't sleep yet for the night!!!"
"Worried about the reply after sending THE SMS to 78277."
"@yahyan where'd you go!"
"Oh good God crampsss..."
"Again working on the internet shop ... don't think we will achieve the goal of uploading by the previously set time   Will keep going"
"Home early, yeh! work to do over the weekend, $%$#@!!!! not happy!!! so much 4 a big1"
"Ok hubby really isnt going to be logging off anytime soon  what to do what to do?"
"Can't get the sound to work while on DVD. I was going to watch Mary Poppins."
"what am i gonna do when my iphone is full!"
"I honestly feel like I'm not healing or getting any better. This is not good"
"Gotta a lot of work knocked out on the project but there's one feature that just refuses to work right. Can't release next version until"
"tiiiired but i cant sleep"
"@DannysGhirl no sleeping for me im at work   it will be summer break soon. Tell them to get there butts out of bed lol"
"@TerrenceJ106 insomniac over here as well"
"i lost mx way"
"The computers and the Ethernet at school are so slow!"
"i wish people would leave jon &amp; kate alone  i really like that show"
"very very bad headache that is getting worse by the minute not better."
"Here at work having lunch. A lot of work and not enough help"
"Why am I having such a hard time falling asleep"
"someone has hacked into my emails!! fuck off!!"
"Noones talking to me anymore"
"@overlordtrainee Sigh. It is a sad, lonely profession."
"looks like the eprocurement e-mail address from office mate is blacklisted by IT here.. asking them to whitelist now."
"Wow slept in with no dolidh here to wake me up"
"@isilwenlinwelin i am public and can't get anyone to follow me"
"ok deleted all messages and hope they don't come back!!"
"@againtoday i'm hear ya dude, i can't either"
"boo  rabbits pisses on people you know that"
"Walmart opening its first store in Amritsar tomorrow (of all places)...the horror..hoping its limited to wholesale"
"I've had a sore throat since monday morning @joeyawesome...I'm just sick of it hurtin and I want some freakin sleep!"
"Gha, off to work - hopefully traffic has cleared up by the time I get there!!"
"@starlingpoet lol.. that's worrying"
"just tried talking........voice died before end of sentence! Annpyimg thing id, i feel fine!! Another day of not playing the hits"
"going to die from study overload this weekend. too much homework, with paying work to interrupt! i'm screwed"
"@vivzy yeps...just for today though  I badly wanted to do some geek-shopping..."
"I was just watching some cartoons as I haven't in years when I was eating my breakfast, the programs have changed"
"Is sooooo tired... wants to crawl back into bed"
"why does IE have to be always a big problem"
"@larrysullivan sorry i couldn't fit hal's name"
"@someone Kills me to see you online and not be able to say hello"
"thinks its annoying when i keep getting twitter error messages from my mobile"
"@_shannon1234 Shannie im so sorry! didnt mean to upset you! i just thought you would find it cute  im sorry dont be sad!"
"trying to get a sale in my job..."
"Not excited of blowing out another candle today... [as when I was a kid!]   We gotta grow up soon or later..."
"morning class  .. always late or bunk ... how can someone wake-up at 8! ..."
"@aliwise is tweeting so much that she's not even paying attention to me!"
"What a busy day ... am disappointed that today's show is a repeat"
"jessie has gone away 4 the weekend!! I miss her already"
"my HD is full. need to cleanup a lot"
"@rockstargirl209 what happened?"
"@viintagedresses aww poor Caity  :L add people n they will add you"
"is very very tired  just want to sleep.  Stupid work getting in the way!!!"
"I'm so sleepy my head hurts.  gnite lovers! See ya in that am !"
"Theres a spider above my bed  calming my fears by listening to greeeeen day&lt;3"
"Is. this. a. lie? FML. F uuuuuuu. I can be such a fool sometimes"
"@burnspank41 shit i hope theyr all wrong we need him"
"There's a spider in my room. Save me..."
"@JKeith1982 hmmmm, that's not nice... think you should take it back. I can't help it I'm hungry. No food in this office."
"an aston os my dream car but its wishful thinking"
"Been working lots of overtime this week. Only just realized I booked a half day tomorrow so this week will just break even"
"what am l doing?? .....nothing much atm"
"@dopeboySHAKE omg man  i'll pray for ya"
"@mrskutcher All Pret-a-manger &amp; some marks &amp; spencers stores in the UK donate their food at the end of the day. Most lock their bins"
"i cant sleep"
"@MooNooH I don't understand anything, HELP"
"Homework. ew fml. Should I pull an all nighter? I think I'm gonna have to again"
"Good Morning campers, I'm not a happy bear this morning, had an awful dream during the night, &amp; am v worried."
"@ihatecrayons i'm so fucking nervous!!!"
"@quikness Waaaahhh! So sad     Let me know when ur next down this way!"
"@kyza holy cute! Dexter has already lost his kitten face  gettin a chunky butt since we got back from qld too haha"
"awwww, writing my resume's too difficult XD how do i tell them i've taken 10 different jobs and quit them within the span of two months?"
"@yellowbag Hmmm, should have looked at it a little more methinks"
"valium makes you feel goood. i need more. i can't fall back asleep. i want my mommy"
"I'm wake and sad  what the hells going on"
"I don't think Jon and Kate should get a divorce, but I do think if they want to save their marriage they have to quit the show..."
"Off to work I go"
"@Nanava_3 U know - kids do what we DO - not what we SAY ... well, don't we all, really  ...."
"@melisamelisa haha you have a better life than most. we should go get drinks again soon. jury duty has been boring"
"Hoping that this will just heal on it's own because anything I put on it just makes it worse. Owww"
"@forevertanoya awww dnt say that. I wanted to see it  how bad is it?"
"Apparently excessive heat is just as bad for a cold as excessive cold. My body is all blerg. My sofa is not comfy enough for my gaming"
"@Radio702 Tshwane wants double rates but try and phone to get service - endless loop #fail"
"@mcvie saying goodbye to something familiar never becomes familiar"
"On the bus goin 2 work but omg seriously im sooooo tired dont know if i'll survive the 8 hour shift"
"I am down  I need my snuggles but he is at work and he don't like to snuggle  ironic huh..."
"gotta love how im waking home at midnite. dangggg pray for mr. im so jumpy"
"i need some hot green tea  I cant sleep  ...."
"Test another update... sorry for bothering all of u guys"
"mmkayy TOTALLY going to bedd now. i mean it!! im only gonna get 3 hours of sleep tonight"
"@iancpalmer they don't use MSN either I don't think  and they are thousands of miles away so can't do it face to face"
"@ErikVeland Dude... That sucks! Why would they tow it from your own space?"
"@busays12 dont undrstand malaysian busays.just english,tagalog at waray only"
"cant sleep again! Been up for ages..."
"Well I did run over a cat today (I know how sad) I cried and screamed my lungs out!!! I felt HORRIBLE, poor thing"
"ahh..my stomach hurts"
"Work, work, work"
"loved, but hated driving in pollution"
"Can't sleep!!! People keep textin me!!!"
"I hate the fact that I'm 4.5 hours away from you tonight and tomorrow we'll be 1946 miles apart  I wish you were here ("
"@greentm  ... i have phone calls like that often .. different subject - same result of feeling beaten to pulp and left for dead"
"Algebra test in three hours!"
"Morning all: Looks like no Nintendo Gameboy phone"
"@ Pretty_Mess you missed all the free shots"
"@galaxydazzle okay thank you! i can't find it"
"Oh no.... Trouble in paradice"
"Still awake can't fall asleep I'm not one bit sleepy"
"going crazy, the pain is unbearable..&amp; i gotta wait till thursday!?"
"@charlietotem just a concert i can't go to due to trials"
"so sad about Mike Tyson's daughter."
"@BeckyBuckwild do you ever respond to ppl?"
"We're having an impromptu pool party... Except I don't know how to swim so I can't get in"
"My stomach is killing me do I can't sleep"
"Holy shit it's super sunny, Friday and Whitsun, my tube is deeeesearted. Wish I was in the park"
"@erikamodina Yeah ! I downloaded her whole album. :&quot;&gt; THE FAME ! I miss you taking care of me  Hahah !"
"Scary guy on colbert..."
"not so good mood.."
"@dancinqueenie Morning! I have loads to do 2day  goin for a walk 1st to get rid of last nites haribo's"
"Where's a bridge when you need one?..... FUCK!"
"I think I might have to break down and purchase some from the US just because I donot know what to call it over here"
"shady's making me  Trying to code something, if you know php, HELP!"
"I have to goto work now ahhh kill me  my life isn't going the way I want it too atm. Ta ta kids x"
"feeling lonely,DH on night shift all w/e"
"@lisisilveira   I sent my donation to #Eric and wanted to put the banner on, but my avatar disappeared when I tried ~"
"confused on why and how people pose as others on twitter. I mean they really do their homework on peoples lives to imitate them. it's sad"
"@Emsy Twitter's being mean w/ the pics lately! Stole mine for an entire day!"
"@onmammaz ugh! I have a knee injury too, except mine is just an infected cut that hurts like hell"
"@pkBLGdonahue he's not logging in yet.  and i doubt if he will check his his replies here in twitter. but we must keep on trying!"
"I just really want to sleep butmy eyes won't let me"
"http://twitpic.com/665e9 - i miss this place"
"Has been rejected"
"@linojoelsap still got one more year with t-mo tho  I might just get a new bb curve. Not too concerned abt apps. Batt life is important"
"@andyclemmensen Me too  @shortstackband haha I did but have no credit"
"is getting a cold    *cough, oink, cough*"
"I am in school. Absolutely I have been sick .. I want to go home - we are writing of geography, the best it will"
"ok so i'm a lil happier now.. i hope i fixd my emails.. hope they weren't hacked although it seemed really suspicious!!"
"I'm frightened that zombies are going to attack me.  i don't like scary movies."
"@kyluhtoots oops. Cy's place is too near. Trouble for me."
"sad that she didn't get to see Rica before she leaves later today.."
"@JohnGunders I want Ulead back, it was awesome and it worked. But unfortunately it's only for PC"
"my internet income project has got a BIG problem today."
"@Humangummybear Doodle whats wrong?"
"Morning. Panic. Clicked a link and opened up my browser. Firefox, what have you done with all my saved tabs??? Gone! That'll learn me..."
"just going into school 2 get some spanish CDs &quot;sigueee&quot; haha. Then guess what my plans are .. studying all day again!"
"When the weather's... ugh, something like asthma. So, yeah, Ventolin."
"i need a good idea... FAST!"
"it seems my phone is dying!  boo!"
"this weather makes my fingers numb / still waiting"
"@irascian ach, probably not... they are labeled as MI-5, which I believe was the name used when they aired on BBC America"
"Need to come up with another blog post today. But for now, I AM SLEEEEEPPYYYYYY!!!!!!!!"
"A day of administrative jobs"
"Spring cleaning episode 2....do I really have to"
"i was awake 7 hours ago, should have checked twitter"
"Ahh! my right kidney hurts soooo bad!!! Ooommmmggggg!!!!"
"Blehckk ! my cereal is yuck  why does it taste sour ?"
"Did 2dives w/ Oceans Deep Dive. 10m vis, no sun, no colours. Dynamite fishing has done it's toll on the reefs."
"Shen computer just broke  Time to get the old IBM out..."
"Hate washing my hair! Because then it has to be dried &amp; straightened.  And then i find the grey hairs in the middle layers of my hair"
"Now I need to change my monitor"
"@Kikirowr Aww, why not?"
"is envious of people not in long-distance relationships...she's all mushy with no one to cuddle."
"Omg... Prison break... The final break. The two episodes that only aired in the uk. Wow. Watch them if you haven't. Soo sad. Tear"
"Muay Thai was awesome. I'm gonna be sore in the morning! I feel like being bad and eating junk tho"
"not happy with my 5:45 wake up call this morning  ... she's going to be grumpy later!"
"http://twitpic.com/665jw The racoons ate our bread!"
":| Yikes,  ants are everywhere in the house.  Ants scare me"
"its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep"
"@r4nt penis.  @shdwtrev i hope you made sure it's okay. D:"
"@hermorrine Yeah I've noticed  I miss Spender. But you were closer to him. How are you holding up?"
"looking at the sunshine out of my office window"
"@ashmart miss you"
"i'm lonely.  i need some hug."
"Trying to get to sleep but my migraine is getting in the way"
"Off to get ready for toms..  gotta go make sure he's not done anything stupid  ill tweet later."
"@yukihoang and of course it happens on the day I got a carwash."
"anticipating a tough day ahead"
"@sarahlchu  poor you lmao, just stick your head out the window!"
"Grrr... why can't I fall asleep"
"My head hurts"
"I just managed to stab a piece of bhuja (hot, of course) into the roof of my mouth. Blood everywhere - well, at least in my mouth."
"is jealous of his family  their all having an amazing breakfast and all i get is rice crispies"
"@siskack what?? can't believe it"
"Ugg. Unpacking sucks"
"@andyclemmensen aww haha, i want one but can't get one coz u dun  have my number"
"REALLY want to go to an old friend's party tonight, but I have fakeflu. That and alcohol probably won't mix well."
"@shaundiviney i got a messgae but it didnt work cause i have a text saver not like money credit  im sad now. wat do i do?? xoxo"
"im back to this z-index problem...again"
"Am in the place called 0UT OF NOW WHERE!! Take me out from here, somebody  http://myloc.me/1XRI"
"I want to ride my bicycle today, but it's too cold and cloudy today"
"Up already  Nooooooo!"
"Have a golf ball sized swelling on my ankle and it's turned black and blue."
"@LydiaCaesar why have you still not called me back regarding the groundbreaking production i sent you earlier"
"I only hve 9followers"
"I should be sleep. I have to wake up soooo early"
"@weelissa p.s. Dead like me was awsome. Loved that show  missed the last 2 episodes tho ?"
"@phenryss What's wrong?"
"t'internet on blackberry fooked so no checking of the tweets and whether phill has taken up my request"
"Wondering why it's so cold - the skylight is open - I left the gas on this morning"
"home form school...its a long weekend  most ppl would be happy but im not...im still mad and sad about him"
"I can't go to sleep until tech support emails me back"
"@Debblues didn't know you folks were there, sorry."
"Youtube's tubes appear to be clogging up somewhat today, connection errors a plenty."
"@aprilholle hmm. grows. in this case i am screwed. i can't even keep the &quot;easy care&quot; love fern alive."
"i have the song here comes goodbye stuck in my head not a good song to be singing considering my situation"
"I went green yesterday and I was out so I missed it  do I get another certificate????"
"Heading to the hospital to sort out my back, not looking forward to this"
"is ready for a productive friday. one of the last of the year"
"is sick &amp; tired of being sick &amp; tired"
"Just found out one of my ankles is swollen...eeks now it hurts"
"I had the worst dream ever: the Lakers were losing 11 : ZIP  &amp; Courney Cox had a mohawk wtf."
"http://twitpic.com/4sx96 - before they put a CAMERA in the smokers pit.  i can no longer vandalize that door, without being caught."
"@minauderie @oxygen8705 Totally broke is right. I have to wait till Monday to get paid though! BOOHOO!"
"@bekimccabe true that! don't know why i bothered this morning cos I just put it up in a pony soon as I got to work anyways"
"@songbookbaby lol. u got AC right? u know it's getting chill here again...  n its gona rain tmr"
"not looking forward to dress shopping tomorrow. so afraid there's no way i'll be able to get what i want"
"@Amara_angel I cant i dont have mms  but i will waer it nexxt time i see you"
"just got on twitter. no friends to add!  none of my friends are in twitter"
"@xcharlotteyx Awww it's still not the same  I'm going to have a look though."
"vmware fusion seems getting slower and slower"
"Gudafternoon twitter followers.. Hey m giving u chance now to help me get a gud placement.. m still maintaining a jobless profile... ;("
"@colocelt My man, its like 3:30 in NJ. I have classes to worry about again"
"I caaaaan't sleep.....it's 3.30am! wahhhh... i wanna cry"
"Is also having a lonely night.... Wishing she could go to Audun's so that she doesn't have that bad dream again..."
"wondering where all the money i earnt this financial year has gone... i can account for like 3 grand but wheres the rest"
"@arielleGore I so dont  And wtf. Whatthefuck. REALLY? Really? Are they trying to kill me? But i might be... Depends..."
"I just lost a fight against @hangy on Tweefight. I lost  Please revenge me! Try now http://tweefight.com/?opp=hangy"
"@tonibraxton Will you ever come to SF Bay Area to preform, i feel left out"
"oh! i think i didnt do well on my photo editing for Db!  sorry :|"
"Aww sad @Ruthiexo09 now  stupid crapped up phone and deciding that you would go and screw yourself up and never again work arghhh"
"start work 2 moro at 6:30.  not looking forward to it"
"God the weather in London is ammmmazing! Yet I'm on a train half the day"
"Going to see Angels and Demons tonight. It better not scare me!!"
"Having horrible nightmares not gonna go back to sleep"
"is trying so hard to not worry and be at peace despite her circumstances, but wonders why some christians are the ones making it so hard."
"i wish i had more chicken wings"
"Selling 10jaffa race tickets. My friends are so heartless they wont even buy one"
"I feel like I'm on alott of drugs"
"asks can someone pass me some load. :| Kahit 2 pesos lang.  http://plurk.com/p/wxzyr"
"ahhh fusterated"
"I think I should hire one of those tranlsators.. because no one ever understands me...."
"@MrDix ugly. What programmes do you have open?"
"massive headache. argh"
"It's so hard to settle on a name"
"@AlexAllTimeLow awww that is very sad.  I sawwy"
"feels sorry every time I'm printing out, I use like 200 new papers"
"@mosapp just say no reeesee cup"
"Ill in bed my stomach is killing me"
"@menace718bk Bummer I know   LOL  I actually do more partying when i am in school then out of school..I think it somehow helps me..hahaha!"
"Housemate saw Angel &amp; Demons last night, but left me at home. Was looking forward to seeing that  Wanted 2 reminise http://bit.ly/qFsAg"
"And it's starting to get cold"
"@mikusi gawd. People still remember the preggers comment. Hate you!"
"@iFollowMike ugh I'm not doin too good"
"Whyyy am I still awake when I have to work at 8?! This is not good"
"really thinks wee callum should of got through last night"
"I had my hair cut today and my boyfriend didn't notice...."
"Did not feel like getting up"
"Gone r the days wen we used to sit 4 exams.. no more exams, no more classes, no more bunking n no more fun.."
"its at 3 am, im very tired but i can't sleep  but i try it"
"@Wykrzyknik uff, ble litt trist av � lese den siste tweetsen din  the challenge prooved too be tough!! :'("
"i cant find my itouch for the 64577 billionth time n i need it to sleep"
"Back from A&amp;E, very nice Doctor diagnosed ligament damage, she felt I could still do my 5k run, but it might take me 10 days to heal"
"Son's 15th Birthday this weekend.Taking him out for a Mexican meal and a major game buying spree.I miss the Lego days"
"@AmalSyazwani i shorry bebeh  it okeh ada one more chance."
"Certain tweets I write are on the spot messages for a person, group, or pornstar, and those tweets usually get deleted within the hour"
"cavs got lucky 2night  lol but lebron took over and killed em another triple double"
"Rain rain go away"
"Fucking typical. GH:M arrives just as I leave for work. It's going to be a long day"
"Bout to knock out. Feelin a lil sick  peace y'all"
"Just got home after walking the dogs.  Very humid in Kaneohe.  No AC in my home    Ceiling fans work!"
"@Cadistra NOOOO I'll miss you too much!  I went stag to my prom and all the high school and middle school dances, if that helps. &gt;_&gt;"
"Why don't any of my friends ever miss me  why do 40 year old pervs like me  why can't I be a shape shifter (((((((((((((((((("
"Entered house searching mode yesterday... we need to find an apartment in D�sseldorf until the end of August, this one was temporary..."
"with hubby at the dentist ready to hold his hand  and getting nervy about potentially buying a car tomorrow"
"@abduzeedo something wrong, layout of abduzzeedo site looks no good today, anyone?"
"Getting that funny feeling that usually indicates I'm sick. Great...."
"got another long day of papers and projects tomorrow  but this time one of the projects is shaving, its been like 2 mths lol. man legs.eww"
"@thatlass yeah, it's gonna be rubbish!"
"Just checked my bank balance. I spend like a millionaire despite the fact I am nowhere near as rich as one."
"Wow i will be away and my &quot;expecting&quot; wife is going to be here in India, thats gonna suck since I have made her so dependent on myself"
"missing my man, two months is so long to not see him"
"I read the disclaimer, I had to close my browser  http://tinyurl.com/n28lr3"
"Its chilly n lonley n this livingroom"
"Memphis just can't catch a break these days. My poor Tigers"
"5500 words and counting.  My hands hurt"
"I miss the Doctor Who regular series."
"Jeez! Little one is seriously constipated. Don't know what to do anymore. Anyone tips? It's terrible seeing him in serious pain"
"@damienmulley Yes otherdad  @katiemoffat Wait, do I go back to sleep or cause mischief?"
"Inshalla! Devo I wont be at the Astor tonight"
"iTunes upgrade reset playcount to zero  How will I know which one of 143 Hasta Siempre versions I liked best?"
"Watched The Notebook last night.... Wahhhhhhh!  V good.  Cried my eyes out!  Maybe a bit too close to home I think.    Go watch!"
"@_erica /hugs those are the worst. Mine used to be really bad on the first day..sometimes can't even get out of bed."
"@AlexAllTimeLow aww  cant wait till u get 2 Sydney ;D i missed out on tickets tho.. :O xxx"
"imissu, come back home now honey"
"@Zobi09 I'm concerned for that family"
"just called Toyota. Car won't be ready til 5."
"@mrcoups oh dear  not fun"
"Can't sleep...so I'm watching HGTV. I'm afraid infomercials are about to take over"
"@widrfm  hey, is your site down? I was going to listen to the web stream but can't get to the site..."
"@Keiyaunna So i guess im stuck in the LOBBY"
"365days rperss.... where are youuuuuuu"
"This porridge tastes shit! I cba with today man."
"Have to sell my car. It's costing me too much. Can now afford one rollerskate. Bye bye petey"
"seriously getting hurt.... 4 days before nationals.. what a joke"
"@katelynizzle haha okay you were talking about middle college grad I think and I got worried"
"I hate tossing and turning.. Why can't i just fall asleep?"
"Can't seem to sleep tonight... Its 3:38am, I need to get up in less than 4 hours..."
"@dawndela yeh still have the weekend, but I get weekends anyways, today is my full last day of vacation time"
"@HannaManna I think it goes against everything i thought the olympic spirit of Team GB is/was"
"Auditions are good but, Iam super nervous! That is one of my virtues"
"Going to revise for physics."
"@urbancritter I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"Want to get my hands dirty with FubuMVC. http://bit.ly/J00ha, but the documentation is not yet complete"
"@Yvette_Maree omfg are you alright?"
"@yanq_ndo OMG I'm so sorry. I'm the worst employee ever. My hard drive just failed taking the survey data with it"
"is bored at school and my throat it swollen"
"down with a nasty cold in cagayan de oro"
"Euh, got LDAP Schema Error  Why oh Why"
"@AlexAllTimeLow aw  were sad you had to leave tokyo. come back.please"
"E docs are getting younger these days.can u guess where am i??yup, NUH!! paying my ear doc a visit. Ouch!!"
"@chrissalad My Mum said I probably wont get out of it  ALSO - it goes for like 2 months. That's normal right?"
"@fauzims It was white...  I acidentally left it in when i was doing my colours..."
"I seriously hate my life: it's currently 2:42am, I have 3 finals tomorrow, and have not slept a single second"
"@KINGmoney I'm sorry...I'll make sure I do that next time."
"yack yack -- resorting to these :#2&amp;!@#$%^&amp;*()etc. to stay within twitter limits?? not good"
"I wish I could go back to bed with @wowshaggy"
"i cant afford it  go to school here ? !!"
"cries. AJ radio is gone  Guess I won't be DJing anymore.. until I get this fully fixed.. How are we btw? Heaps of homework, long weekend."
"i feel less than nothin'.. lower than zero.."
"Attempting to sleep. My puppy is sick already"
"@GianninaRossini blimey! You're still suffering?!!"
"@Keiyaunna OH FACK U GAVE ME POLICE THATS SOME SERIOUSE SHIT"
"Too broke for cigarettes."
"squirrel! where? i hate squirrels"
"Can't sleep....  &amp; why isn't my $ in my damn account!? BofA is trippin"
"@tissuerose i'm with you in this.  i've always have prob prioritizing myself ahead of him."
"LAPPYTOP BATERRRY DYING,tryingtofind a movieto watch since im staying in.  and goingto my room."
"I no longer have a ticket for ny"
"...I have to study ...."
"Squabbling with people over the internet is great for my Tumblarity, but bad for my ego when they have more internet friends than me"
"Type cold in my room"
"is MySpace mobile free? or do u have 2 have credit... cause they are liers"
"@MaryKathrynK Yikes!  I hope she was okay.  I never her heard her say her tummy hurt."
"Flight to hurghada delayed 7 hours"
"Going to be a strange weekend. Probably srtarting off with working til midnight tonight"
"Whataburger closing all locations but tally  so harsh, might have to transfer schools"
"@MarieLuna I'm sure it's not what you think. Is this really you? i saw you couple of months back in NAIA,was shy to approach 4 a pic."
"i'm so worn out, this week has sped by soo fast. gonna ask mum if we can go to the movies. i'm desperate"
"I've got a dentist's appointment soon!  The drill feels like I've got my brain in a blender - not looking forward to it"
"@Scarlettjen fuck. it should be recoverable. it's just the boot part that's messed up. grr argh. my business was on there."
"@ajaedandridge ate pussy, I refuse to bless her cuz she already clingy"
"Not well again  @littlereidy it's definitely not hayfever"
"HOW COME ITS SO HARD TO FIND A GUY WITH THE SAME PASSION FOR LOVE AS FOR A WOMAN?? AM I EVER GOING TO SEE THE DAY! IM lonely yall!"
"@SydneyAlterEgo probably not in this weather"
"I am living in a country where the government is ALWAYS a circus show ... sad but true..."
"Don't know who U R anymore!!!"
"My dead grandpa pays more attention to me than you do"
"BIG NEWS?! But I don't know if I can share it."
"@alabamawhirly I'll be stuck inside the office all day today"
"Being dragged round Ikea this morning  Bad times!"
"@Nelley aww sorry boo. I haven't bought a printer in 4 years; my canon i900d is still making amazing prints. Have zero fisheye exp."
"So ... Still finishing errands for a trip tomorrow morning where I have to be at airport at 6am."
"@QueenofScots67 this is a little sad and I know I am new but no one has ff me yet"
"Invasion of the Old Ladies has just ended, still have to clean up not going to be able to make it to the tweetup tonight."
"@monroejnicole Im goodie. I feel like we are so disconnected"
"arrives in mfk... With these potholes.. I foresee a wheel changing session. Hai no man"
"sneezing is never a good sign"
"@GuitarHeroDevs Why online one download this week?"
"*sigh* i always disappoint people who get in my way...  everyone .. i'm OUT.. i might disappoint everyone else here.."
"@ajaedandridge  ummm...last night when I DM'd you, you said it was a &quot;good&quot; question."
"@FLASxyBlck25 right now thats about all I can deal with  I work too much and I need my space! Most women dont offer that!"
"work suckd.. another closing nite with 30 dollars pockeded..  i need a new job"
"screw the fact you can't post LONG updates on twitter"
"@Miss_Thrifty eBay 10 mile rule not working for me.  Too many pairs of leather trousers being sold in Aberdeen. Will try next week."
"@NosliwEiggam hey, got your text sms. i plan on maybe just catching a flick tonight. last night was a wee bit too much for me"
"Another night of not sleeping"
"@tommcfly, @dannymcfly, @mcflyharry and @dougiemcfly i think you should come home now"
"You guys dont get too drunk without me"
"@UltraSub Too much details !!!    (But glad he is better)"
"Morning tweeple! I'm a bit sneezy today"
"Did not win Kelly Clarkson Tickets. Sorry Cecilia. Really wish I could give that to you! You so much deserve it."
"what do u do when ur dads losing it mentaly and dosent remeber you"
"why am i up...i have to wake up at 7"
"@dylandersen I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"Hate be late"
"feeling like shit. hope its not swine flu or something"
"Its friday and i'm sick, story of my life..."
"how i wish the result IS true..."
"@queeeniee Where's yummiest Pan Mee? For me it's behind Dance Center, Ipoh Garden South. and i miss it"
"I still have a very depressed feline fuzzball...it's another trip to vet tmrw to see what can be done...worried doesn't even cover it"
"@crunchybunny Sus Ate, I was so upset, I wasn't informed AT ALL. Turns out, they told Sarms and they expected her to tell me. Huff."
"@MadamSalami pmsl @poo... We had crap everywhere too. But NO More. Love it. My wool stash today though"
"@anttoekneeeeeee with 14mph winds!!"
"@Rina_spn what's going on?"
"where has my sleep run off to??"
"@disquiet Business or pleasure? Will keep my eye out for anything. You're just missing a Moondog concert tomorrow night"
"Can't freakin sleep and i have a horrible stomach ache"
"@DavidAWatson link no worky-work"
"@kaybob23 too bad i dont have either"
"where is the sunshine...the only thing i see are clouds..."
"@Rina_spn aww  sick? and i hate soup, too"
"Wide awake. Wishing I wasn't. Damn nightshift routines. Got turned down for the job in Nashville  oh well ..."
"Homework day"
"In the emergency room with my cousin. She's got mad flu and can't walk or breathe.  Why are hospitals always so cold?"
"@misstiffytaylor try having your best writing five years behind you  heh, it happens"
"@Brizzers haha i agree lame....another thought  y are their concerts so expensive......that's kinda lame too"
"nt online &amp; mayb next week  if u havent voted pls do: http://bit.ly/hHigd"
"@glassdahl: i'm more than willing to give him what he needs. XD but srsly, i also think he needs one soon."
"Soooo full that im starting to feel sick"
"I didn't catch the Jonas Brothers Facebook Webcast...  It already ended when I logged in to my Facebook account..."
"I don't know what to wear...."
"How sad is it that your best friend is so selfish and heartless that they exclude you from their life completely...I'm so sad"
"working on my oral presentation and upset........."
"#3wordsaftersex i think im bleeding."
"i miss you soo much"
"Thanks those who have clicked :p Well I think I did something wrong, it's still at 0 visitor, 0%.. maybe I need to reinstall everything"
"i'm new!!!!! dunno whatta doo!"
"@MakeupGeek I am soo excited about your pasadena seminar...if only i can find the confermation email"
"My bed had tha nerve 2 call my blackberry askin me where the hell I was.......looks like I gotta go ya'll  I'll c u in 3.5hours, after nap"
"This already feels like one of those days where I just won't be able to win."
"why is it so hard to find good house events in the Sacramento area?"
"@fifitheconquero I was going to go to london for a week then had to change my ticket! I would have been there right now"
"@julsey I should be asleep  trying to be..."
"Totally prepped for interview at 10, too bad twitter is off line..  - http://mobypicture.com/?onewzs"
"In bed can't sleep .... Something is missing....."
"actually, i think i'm being mean to her....i feel sorry now"
"@Ozalina It's been fine for me for like, a week, but now it just won't load."
"Can't sleep....restless mind! Agh"
"@demios101 oh, sorry to hear about this too  sad"
"My mock ACET scores have shown me that I am doomed to fail not because of ignorance but because of stupidity."
"Had a nice concert yesterday. Nice location, nice people, it was great. But I have a bad cold since yesterday night  Being sick sucks!"
"The horror that is Maggie Gallagher is still with me. Such a big ball of ignorance. You can't reason with idiots like that, which sucks."
"Can't sleep bc I know I have to be up early !"
"I'm bummed that I didn't get TEDx tickets"
"@niteskolar Now you only have 2 hours to sleep...  - Rest if you need it."
"DANG! I just ran over a bunny on the way home.  Why do I feel so bad? And Why do I have more compassion for animals than I do humans?"
"@yourmajestyy haaaw..well i get out of class at 10:50..i hope i make it"
"I also shall be missing Lauren when she goes for a week"
"mayb he was raped when he was younger"
"I'm tired. I think I'm becoming too old to go out."
"Back in Durham from Greensboro but Cook-Outs closed.  hmmmm...."
"says God please i hope it doesn't brownout...i'm burning my files  http://plurk.com/p/wy5za"
"Sore throat coming,and recording about to start for new citipointe EP album! ARGGHHH!!!  prayers needed"
"http://bit.ly/ZGuQP  What would happen if the Bees died?"
"@Jinsing what Brody how dare u"
"has tummy pains  n woke stu up for a drink in the middle of the night, I don't remember it"
"@karinb_za its not fruit, its those sugar covered sweets. My tummy is not happy"
"I hope I get the job so I can have some steady income and start eating well again. All the cheap food is horrible for you"
"Is anyone's #visialvoicemail working. Have done the sync. Turned off &amp; on. But still not going  Help?"
"Ready, Set.... hmmm DELAY"
"driving lesson then off to ikea with the mother and finally work. today is going to be wank"
"where's Jake??"
"In work early, frustrating myself with my own work before I get frustrated with other work. Not much time for design today"
"@NKOTBahamas2009 Aw it says the pic doesn't exist anymore"
"@DreamnetFaith69 I will have spent my allowance at cybernet expo in SF by then  send me a dm with rates, tho, mayb cash flo bttr 4 me then"
"hurt. done trying.."
"@HzNKzM i want cafe latteeeeeeeeeee"
"I took my yearbook photo earlier at school, and I don't think that it will turn out great"
"very malakas ang ulan. how will i go to fort"
"@dalzinho I was trying to back all her documents up but it wasn't playing along. its taking forever but am back at it again now"
"holiday time | got my grizzly bears cd, bit it wont read  | adventures tomorrow | swine flu is scaring me | i still have a cold"
"@daveoflynn Amen to that"
"i need to go out of office again.. i am melting.."
"I think i should go to sleep considering i hav to b up on 3hrs...."
"@david_tennant yes! Watching season 2 all evening.  Wish I could get BBC2"
"@dean_b if I drive home now I think I am breaking the laws?  Tooooooo many dranks.  Toooooo many. I am stuck in MF burbank."
"Caught up with apprentice last night, poor Howard, it was Lorraine's turn to go"
"Start of diet today  I think I have to face I will never get back down to 77kilos (unless I cut a leg off)�"
"@m8m1adym307 yea me too  lol"
"#Ferber As happens every few days, Rohan woke up unhappy at midnight.  The good/bad news is that I was still awake, due to afternoon nap"
"@_refugee_ /me gets &quot;Your video will start in 15 seconds&quot;, Exiting to watch ... for minutes  #flash #linux #fail"
"@fueledbyregret I walk to &amp; from work...about 25 mins...think that makes it worse   Improves once indoors tho."
"@empemp: aiaahh.. poor u  tell ur mom already?"
"Oh my!...It's raining...I don't bring with me my umbrella..   baha na naman ngayun...for sure.."
"so cold"
"I so don't wanna go outside, I don't have anything to do there  Maybe I will write later..."
"My phone is dying ...."
"i miss the Soulja Boy dance..."
"Still not asleep. Ahhh  Wtf?!"
"new flat heads"
"omgeee that hurt like helll. finally got it back in. can't close it put the ball back in"
"Have been feeling very sick    had day off today... ARRRGH"
"I think I've forgotten to mention some people on my video"
"Hear @jonasbrothers full album preview during todays webcast!  #jonasnewsongs NO WAYYY I couldn't 'tune in'"
"Trying to get some sleep but cant  i gotta wake up early for my doctors appointment too ugh!!"
"@VikkiJCapra Aw I left it at home  I do have some Travis or Coldplay though?  xx"
"Leaving in 25 mins to go to Latin revision class"
"getting stuck from visiting sites by rain"
"Busy.. Busy.. Busy.. :S Wont be on Ning for few days."
"My smartcard fell out of its holder when I was going home today. If anyone finds it, please tell me"
"@Redjotter no, but I will. It just seems such a cruel condition"
"cupcakes gave me heartburn"
"Stayin over at dustins tonight... my car hates me!"
"Has horrible toothache, and had only a wink of sleep  xx"
"In trouble - I haven't finished reading Crow Road  Book Club's off for me today I'm afraid. Lazy mare."
"wishing my days off were the same days that people wanted to party."
"@capricious_and IKR. I myself am headed out for a meeting."
"Been rebuilding my Dev. machine after a disk crash last night"
"@haylescakes Sis...I dont think I will be up 4 2nite sadly  Im in alot of pain 2day &amp; had bad nite...can we go out anotha week soon?xx"
"I can't believe it's 9am and i'm awake, and i have to start getting ready soon. I hate the doctor's"
"@ColeyRenee I miss you terribly"
"Burnt 3 of my fingers from trying to keep my hands warm over the rice cooker."
"@FireFly74 And most of us are going to be stuck in an office, some without windows"
"@T_A_R_A I was wondering where you were, how come you didn't twitter for a week? and yeah Adam withdrawal syndrome is real/not nice"
"@treasaint don't i know it, writing an exam essay this weekend myself"
"is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and the night at his house as even more bad news has come up"
"oh dear, I'm being followed by someone that claims to help you stay young  the end is nigh"
"uff - hard to get going today, up half the night with 6 year old son"
"@3Easy Last week of July  Will you be up and at em by then?"
"stunning business cards! ashamed of mine  http://bit.ly/zpsQo"
"@fuckbomb awww that sucks  also, when i finish uni, you should totally have a mini housewarming. yes, work it around my schedule, LOL."
"gawd the rain is too strong"
"@thomasfiss ur gonna be missed you know  but i hope things will be better for you"
"is now going to see his very ill uncle on saturday and spend the night at his house as even more bad news has come up"
"morning, still trying to find a babysitter, there is a creche at the gym so might leave him there, but just know he won't be happy"
"I don't want to work tomorrow. I don't feel good. Haven't felt good in 4 days =/ My body needs rest but my mind won't slow down!"
"@ApDiggles That was a horrible day."
"@zoecorkhill do you get headaches a lot? What painkillers do you take? Nothing works for mine"
"feels very, very rough!"
"Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday = EXAM !!  wow shit"
"@shinyflash my plans might have just gone out the window too  bit gutted."
"can't go to sleeeeeep  whyyyyy"
"Maybe I'm lacking in Friday feeling cos more of my trousers won't go on  Thunder thighs!"
"I have a broken wrist"
"the @collegedems 2009 convention ( http://tr.im/mLvw ) doesn't look that great this year  - going to vegas then sounds much more fun"
"@HellenBach then he has gone down in my estimation"
"I'm awake and can't sleep bc I'm feeling sick  yuck!!!"
"@allergymeds im allergic to cats! my tonsils get swollen and they hurt  what do i dooo?!"
"@arielleGore phaket.  what did anneliese want to do?"
"Bought new racquet for $145... wish this racquet will do the  half and God the rest .well despite recession things are fkin costly"
"@wizofozgurl I think I'm going to be the only lame person to cry for Jay's last episode...lol... I wish I were able to go"
"I lost followers  Was it something I said?  I swear I am not into freeballing.  Ugg that is the last time I mention that thing."
"Wow.....I've been stood up  Might as well go to work."
"@peacelovetylr Help i need the stalker police can you give me their number"
"@amandapalmer was there going to be a recording of with the needle that stings in her heart on youtube or something? i missed the stream"
"@nikhilbelsare exactly the same problem i am having with pure classical music, i cant njoy it"
"is scanning the pics all over again .."
"always tired, always cold and always have a headache.  cant wait for vacashun..and the frickin g1 update..i want onscreen keyboard dammit!"
"is there a way to &quot;stabalise&quot; a shaky video in post production? I apparently have a very shaky hand."
"That room will be an oven too"
"i have to go to the doctor... i don't want to... cause there i can wait sooo long..."
"@LycoLoco i'm not proud. but os x excels at video/photo editing where the pc lags so much behind."
"Its 1:11am and both my girls are still up! .. im so tired .."
"Internet is getting damn slow today.."
"Just missed my train"
"@iprmktg Haaay are those the Kettle black joints???  I have them in black!!! Super dope, just wished they came in gold!!!"
"driving around for 3 hours going nowhere is not as fun as it seems, i missed my singing lesson"
"You all have no Idea how badly I wish that I was at botcon.  Oh well! NEXT YEAR!"
"@illestnana me and my friend over here are disappointed we cant make it"
"@MadamSalami i had to get the same sized jeans, i couldnt get my hips into the 14's"
"cant believe i stay out this late!.....waking up for work in T-minus 4hours"
"@CNReilly I missed Match Game tonight    I hope I make it tomorrow night."
"@jackfaulkner I forgot all of those people"
"cant take photos of Darling Harbour fireworks cause its raining  carried all my camera gear to work for nothing #fb"
"just woke up, and my tummy hurts  there's always something wrong with me :S"
"Seems like 60 min wait time  should I call the wife now"
"Not happy got a big choice to make"
"@Anne_A4L Hey Anne! I stayed up 2 try 2 arrange 4 some NYC Archies 2 get tix 2 the concert. Logged off @ 2.30 but only fell asleep @ 5am"
"@christineduggan we keep getting pet days  but i heard the weekend is to be fab !!! wedding how soon again ?"
"I don't know what this is all about  but I'm goin to sleep"
"@SamerKaram but better hurry, so you wouldn't be labeled as copycats"
"[BBC] Malaria parasites becoming resistant to drugs  http://trunc.it/9yn5 ~ this is really not good as Malaria affects so many people"
"Morning all. I appear to have a bit of a sore head. Perhaps the bag of pork scratchings for dinner wasn't such a good idea"
"@professorgreen &amp; you still are not following me"
"@Cleric20 Nope. Im hearing bad things."
"My attempts at writing tonight seem to be failing."
"i juz registered my cp in twitter, but my tweets wont go thru? Argh..Hmm wanna follow my idols lyk @DavidArchie away from the PC.."
"ugh. I totally can't sleep."
"@kpatthethird D; im sowwwy  urgh i feel bad &gt;.&lt; kkkkkkk so should i call you when i get 2 bullschitt?"
"@gulpanag unfortunately I choose sleep over gym almost everyday  trying to get over it!"
"@Danisidhe Wow - that's one deep sleep!  Wish I could sleep like that -one little noise and I'm awake"
"@cutiemoet i noe... bt i jus cant help it....."
"@TwoOnTheBeat i wud do but im at work   srry xx"
"@kelleyrowe my internet just crashed  i will ttytomorrow."
"@primesuspect  If only my writing wasn't so scrub."
"gotta get up in a few hours...booo  gooodnight!"
"I miss my peanut gallery"
"@djain1989 yes .. thats a problem   #prism #fail"
"@dc493 sassafrass reminds me of rachel  i miss her"
"@mhall214  youre not supposed to..."
"@AlexMaza thanks for the follow! Isafailure was supposed 2 b a team thing, but my friend hasn't emailed me or communicated n 4ever"
"@dean_b BF @ gig in Portland OR.  That's not driving distance to come save me from Burbank. I stuck ATM.  Working on plan B"
"@NikkiNoo1956 That's not good, sorry to hear that, where did he park it?"
"is house bound with acute mumps  bad times.... whole day ov supernatural me thinks  x"
"OK crowdsourcing failed,"
"why have 3 people stopped following me  is it something I said??"
"My acid refulx is acting up�probably the worst it's been in months. I don't think I'll be getting any sleep tonight."
"i cant sleep ughh n i have registration tomorrow at 11 this suxs   *Shooting Star*"
"Oh no  I wanted to go to sea but today the sun is not here!  SIGH!"
"@torilovesbradie definitely, or even just &quot;i'll call you&quot;, they never do  how was ur day? xx"
"Guys i dont think chris loves me   he never show me attenition or affection   i think its time to end it.  What you think?"
"@funhiguy Hi man, yeah I so wanna go, but I'm on Maui  #liloven"
"Installed office for Mac &amp; messed up all my fonts on safari, crap on a stick! help! can't even read the solutions online  #badmicrosoft"
"I'm thirsty in the middle of the night and get to the fridge only to find my Brand New bottle of Cran-Cherry juice gone....  FML moment!!"
"@yin9shi what interview! leave me alone"
"i got a bruise on my foot out if nowhere!  it hurts!"
"finally graduation no more school ... im sick today"
"@BunnyLuv87 Sorry I didn't go  Jesus wasn't feeling it. And you know I can't see it with out my best bud. Well that movie anyways @Eexst"
"@afrocurl mark harmon just got shot on my tv"
"that was terrible..."
"Bug in damn cod4 system link. My map pack isnt working"
"fuck, can't sleep.  feening for cigs. i'm horrible. :X"
"@LoveisTrain it drained my energy"
"@taylorswift13 ....... i'm wondering if you're as awake as i am. ?"
"The test today was killer. I didn't even manage to finish on time."
"@pete too early I'm afraid  op to take screw out week Tuesday. The family will going off, I'll me looking fir that Guinness ;)"
"@KinanLW Wah, why are you sad?"
"@mathewsanders boo! I must've deleted it from my phone!  can't find it in my emails either!"
"2 hours after teleconference. but can't go back to sleep. got some work to do. sigh sigh"
"@_hayles yer there must be-not sure tho-caught it off my brother but got it worse"
"my iMac's died  keeps cutting out for no reason. Anyone recommend a good mac place for service / parts? Think I need a new power supply"
"Leaving for Paris tonight. Trying to cram all my assignments for the week done in two days.   I think I'm half done, I hope."
"it's almost comforting to know all LDN people not working on this beautiful day will get skin cancer.... I want out of this office now"
"red update: temp of 40+. Suspected infection. Antibiotics given. Appt tomorrow to check temp again. fingers crossed.  #fb"
"is having a hard time concentrating today.  Have to get it together!"
"@JulieAdore I checked ULCA, they've got a program in producing, I'll be so much interested in. But...."
"My neck hurts a lot."
"dual reject ...  http://tinyurl.com/mfm7tl"
"Shit... It's 2am and I'm wide awake"
"29 mei, missing my dad for over a year now"
"@neg2led what's wrong?  maybe I can help?"
"I definitely feel sorry for Jamie Stewart... Amsterdam audience can really suck (www.xiuxiu.org and read his post of May 27th  )"
"i thought payday was today but its on saturday  so happy hour wont be happening today lol...thank goodness its friday tho !!"
"Feeling sick the now"
"@NatashaTamara awwwwww....I know that feeling!!"
"agh! freaking out about going to Wales already! &gt;&lt; not packed!!"
"Raaaaaaaaaaagh early morning  and its not even early!! Must leave for work in 6 minutes..."
"he's ok dw but i think he's not  http://plurk.com/p/wybsv"
"Just watched hella home movies with my aunt and uncle. I miss the days where our whole family got along"
"The stars are out. Where were you when I needed you"
"@ashleeadams no wonder you hate driving and country roads and stuff"
"@maddysen ohhh i wanna go  gahhh but i dunnooooooo :S me confuzzzledd should i or not???"
"@ryankanno ack, no can see @mustheartdogs either.  and weird, these tweets are in my mentions, but not my timeline (oh wait, new Twitter)"
"33 minutes left before my flannel hobbit shoes get wet  RAIN, PLS GO AWAY!"
"Can't believe we're going through redundancies again! The government has well and truly screwed up..  Off with their heads!!"
"my knee hurts!"
"planning June - lots of appointments. meeting, briefings and litte time to finish my reports"
"Rain stopped a few minutes ago. I noticed that every time I cheer for the rain while it's raining, it stops. I shall not cheer next time."
"i really need to go and start some more revision,biology or chemistry today me thinks"
"Ready for the trip. Not ready to leave my baby!!!!"
"i misss my phone,"
"@andymakesurandy don't worry iPhone users are just as privileged  wish i were heading to the pool"
"Jinxed myself! Damn system upgrade didn't stick... Starting again"
"So I played this game , yeahhhhh I lost  I'm inlove ughh....really cause I'm such a fool."
"my boss is bullying me..."
"K now I'm really going to bed even tho I ain't tired  night! &lt;3"
"is sad his new SB6 CD's got nicked"
"@Keiyaunna I normally dnt sleep until like 6  cud never sleep at night n ur entertainment"
"Layin in bed awake. Txtin my girl in vegas. Wishin I didn't have to work and I was w her"
"My mobile has stopped recieving text messages AGAIN. Stoooopid thing"
"@thecoffeewhore I'm sowwy.   It sucks, I know, I've been there. Yay for half days though!"
"chillin after a LOOOONNNGGG day of basketball  hella tired sleepy time zzzz"
"I think my iPod touch may be breaking itself."
"@mapsadaisical just tried DMing you but it tried to download some strange file so stopped!  How come no gmail MaccyM?  Missing you  SADS!!"
"Revision Time, Biology exam monday"
"@cutiemoet u think its fair...... k den i guess m wrng.... still i feel its not at all fair...."
"Ugh my neck really hurts  I'm out aquatards, xox"
"@lick_it_good den fell asleep on me!!!"
"http://bit.ly/1052x1  DO WANT. I need a PS3 soon."
"Dentist in less than 2 hours  Arrgghh. I like my teeth the way they are. Except for the toothache, but that's a minor quibble."
"aw! I'm gonna miss my old username... nick jonas, shontelle layne, and sean kingston replied to my OLD USERNAME!  I'm gonna start all over"
"I'm so worried about my sister's guinea pig. I hope Stalin makes it through tonight!  you can do it baby!!"
"Else find this extremely unfair and unjust. The people spoke about the mmj laws 10 years ago here and yet our voices are still not heard."
"Hey Fused Gaming, FusedGaming Forums have been delayed until 9PM PT/12AM ET tonight... sorry   (abean2007 live &gt; http://ustre.am/1ntp)"
"The sun is wonderful but makes me feel incredibly fat.. The less clothes and more exposure thing  today I diet. Again......"
"The sneezing begins..."
"it makes me  when i see people replying to people that are only after followers and would never reply back"
"Oh no... that bird is back"
"Isnt looking forward to going back to work. 3 days off isnt long enough"
"On my way to work! I'm runnin late and I'm sooooo tired!"
"@ladybug8320 ooh, work im afarid  looking forward to a sunny weekeknd tho!!!"
"@theerealfdhc OMG, my regards to ur nephew. I'm sorry for ur loss"
"My paradise fly catchers abandoned their nest....  they are starting again... but it's gonna b tough"
"@dabobabo I can't believe this! Did they give you any reason?"
"still ill. HOW LONG MUST THIS GO ON?! meh meh, stuck at home doing history revision til 10.30am"
"It is really hot now. I have shorts on and plenty of factor 20! No fish caught yet, they may be spawning"
"One of these days I'm going to delete something really important   Someone, please, restrict my access!"
"@YOitsEILEEN And web-less starting the day after that  #homeless"
"just seen 1 of the fat single Mums from up the road &quot;seductively&quot; sprawled across some poor blokes bonnet. He probably needs new shockers"
"cannot go, cannot refused to feel the pain"
"@ShomariW LOL. PR is AMERICA!!! LMAO!!! He dont like me... theres nothing I can do!"
"I was hoping ABC will pick up &quot;king of the hill&quot; but they said no"
"My poor andrew just had 2 of his wisdom teeth removed.  i wish he'll get better fast."
"did not sleep a wink last night  X"
"went to bed last night with the feeling of a migraine coming and woke up feeling worse."
"today is my last day of high school! most things i do today will be my last time doing them..  pure CRAZINESS!"
"Bob Dylan - It Aint Me Babe. Important day today, tell you guys more later. Off to work, iIm late"
"Forced myself out of bed this morning, but failed to cycle in. Damn."
"We'll be moving from a strength to a hypertrophy phase for chest, back, shoulders and arms for the next few weeks. Legs will stay behind"
"jerk josh! didn't even come meet me  - im thinking of a number guess ?"
"i am not happy at all"
"Im regretting the alcohol I consumed last night, MY HEAD"
"Bloody servers are down at work for at least 3 hours. Want to go home now!"
"@CourtneySit Hey are you quiet today or is it me...work was nuts today...no tweeting time"
"Is in the badbooks again, don't know why I bother"
"@mrtrev *hug* yep I hate that meself"
"In KL now took wrong turn after Sg Besi now jam in city center"
"That was a  and it's because I missed too many leg sessions recently."
"@EPMorgan I can't even do that  not good!!"
"eughhhh feels really ill today  - headache, bunged up and a sore throat - hayfever?"
"won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Sunner Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding"
"@rookiepaul that doesnt sound like a good situation"
"@steamsmyclams @ADalrymple I'm not a big fan of Costa  I ended up going to EAT as they have one outside our office!"
"absolutely boiling! Got factor 50+ on! Must not turn orange, must not look like oompa lumpa... My left shoulder is burnt from yesterday"
"Waiting for the bus. The bus is going to be uncomfortably hot I bet"
"@imnothelz Oh that can't be nice"
"Wish someone would by my 90mm Mamiya MF lens. Needs the money"
"Slept 7pm-almost 10pm, didn't fall asleep again until 3am, got back up at 5am. Aw, school."
"princess_I have to pack up my house today.. ButIneedhelp"
"won't be going to the Oxford Internet Institute Summer Doctoral Programme in Brisbane: lack of funding"
"is still waiting."
"I want to see my friends  Mindless fun. No work, all play. All drunk, all walwal. All being mean to each other and sleeping in one bed"
"I failed my maths exam today. fxxxmylife"
"Cross Country was today...Hmmphh my feet hurt"
"was doing a hard copy doc review,while writing comments realized 've forgotten writing i.e. on paper,can hardly recognize or read it back"
"&quot;sometime around midnight&quot; by The Airborne Toxic Event, literally cannot escape it. FML"
"My cold now seems to me settling on my chest  worried I am sounding like a typical man with flu !"
"stranded @ delhi Airport  flight delayed"
"will b having my last V tomorow   will have2live off of apples n not caffeine ;( n have2cut down on chocolate bye bye chocy"
"Has that sinking feeling that it's all about to go t*ts up.....bracing myself for the comedown"
"is having brain blockage in musical thoughts"
"Can't sleep, clowns will eat me"
"It's /far/ too sticky hot today. I do wish my cars air conditioning worked"
"Aaaa! I need to work today, Why cant i ever get the weekends off? It makes me want to cry"
"@filanfurball sorry bout 2day  bloody typical,goin 4 a laydown now feel sick again,ooo this not nice x"
"@epic_zorz_peep count yourself lucky i was gonna say the OTHER word instead...and rsvp...sorry i cant come to ur birthday...day?"
"Is feeling like he has a bad flu. Yes. Bad. Flu."
"Ohhh  only a bit of time left to have an account on the forums.. I do hope I get to be a leader some day :/"
"i wish i could of been at commencement this yr  i wonder if they're really going to protest."
"I would Join you shopping but i have work all weekend  six degrees of seperation is confsuing"
"isn't singing Oh what a beautiful day though it is from the musical Oklahoma  due to insomnia and a lot of noise outside motelroom"
"Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why can't I have more? Lame."
"@quwanaisnotmynm no  the love of my life is. so i guess now im definately shooting for good"
"@sofiacoyiuto my mac's hard drive crashed then i brought it to powermac, they couldn't recover the files  no back up ("
"So sick &gt;.&lt; feeling shitty whole body aching!! Hope I get well before boo boo's grad show   sighs........."
"Doing accounts revision. Boo"
"Why am I limited to only being able to sync with 1 MS Exchange account on iPhone?  ... same goes for Outlook. Why... http://bit.ly/etB8H"
"Really Wish i could see dave from @reemerband again, missing him already"
"Its so hot here"
"@TVXQUKnow  I feel tired of my work  Cheer for me please~"
"feels guility . sorry 'bout that  http://plurk.com/p/wyqow"
"Woke up at 8:30am....now 10:30am and no clue what to do....?"
"tomorrow will be my last day in work.. how sad.. bye Ange"
"uhh I wish someone would include me in their follow friday - would be great to get more followers"
"what?! i just missed home + away! nooooooooo"
"will miss jay leno .."
"I stung myself with stinging nettles all down my shin"
"I dreamt someone committed suicide w a drip stand!  - http://tweet.sg"
"I did not twitt yesterday cause it was a very busy day but I'll be back tomorrow  BTW I can not sleep  I'm like in zombie mode @_@"
"sigh, still SEOs are submitting their client sites with part or no contact information on, I really don't know how to make them read"
"@brentoli oh no  say it aint so"
"In the UK with no phone service  oh yea and still sick (cough, sniff)"
"Fyi- putting makeup on under flourescents = FAIL. ... oh face-peely, why must you look so hideous? Also, wheres my lipstick?"
"@JohnGreenaway dammit, no! one tweet from september, noodles is also taken"
"It started out so lovely this morning, now looks like it's gonna chuck it down"
"exams are the worst mahn!! 2 to go"
"i'm not ready for tomorrow's competition!"
"wants to feel better"
"@fiercemichi i havent got poked much"
"@Parquette1 Haha! maybe I should try that. The insomnia is kickin' my butt"
"Depressing day today, have to pack as leaving ridiculously early tomoro."
"Good morning tweeps. Busy this a.m. but not in a working way"
"Omg, I'm a murdere! I accidently just killed a spider"
"apparently even Novell Moonlight doesn't work on my Jaunty"
"@hazelnutchoc Same as, it's BS I tell you! Ah well, better attempt some"
"@johan__ thank You! I almost forgot hoe to type on the keyboard how long I was anway from my PC.."
"@lislBR My brother shared his microbes with me"
"@TheSims3 well us Brits have to wait a few more days for it!  I thought it was all gonna released at once! I guess it's worth the wait!"
"@dublins98dave me too! I am down 400 euro"
"Ahh I'm so confused  what can I do? I don't wanna run away but can I really handle a real relationship? What is love anyways.. False hope!"
"@steve228uk Awh I forgot you had the pox  Hope you get better soon!"
"@HelenH20 ugh! Tis so warm outside too  unfair! I want to go read and pack!"
"Still gutted that man utd lost"
"What a bad day!"
"@simfin part 2: social networking??.. there is even room for people"
"Omg I want TF2, everybody on my Steam Friends list is playing it"
"@MGChislett  Is there going to be any more TAI TV? Ah I hope so"
"@JamanthaLopez it was me the whole time I did a ton of things so u would believe me but u wouldn't listen or let me prove it. Or blve me"
"Thinking about someone. Now a days I think more and code less  What is it...?"
"@katemthompson I wish I could still drink it but I had two bad nights with white wine in London and then I was sick for almost a week"
"Stupid me, accidentally gave my honey the Atomic flavored buffalo wings and now his stomach feels just awful..... Im sorry baby"
":O Job interview today, i'm really gonna mess this uuuup"
"@naomijade Heavens, not good  I can empathise. Fingers crossed it doesn't come to anything and you can sleep easy. Wishing for the best..."
"eww. cant sleep and its 2:38 am"
"i need people to talk to me please im very bored  x  follow me!"
"Its times like these that I miss Manila. I'm not feeling up to myself lately"
"Seriously, google, WTF? I don't feel online if I can't get into my inbox"
"Pretty sure my laptop just died 100%. HP DV2000, wireless problems constantly, tons of heat, won't start at all now. Fried circuit?"
"Oh man. I have been sick all night. I feel awful."
"@sianmclachlan Sorry, that was a bit negative!"
"@mrugeshkarnik oh, /me still hasn't got around to starting it"
"Missing Going To Villa.. Another 2 Months With Out Them"
"My heads spinning from math, started to dream in formulas. NOT good."
"@russellprue (duh typo error) part 2: social networking??.. there isn't even room for people"
"Mortified. could lose my job"
"I want 2 get my nails done today, but according 2 superstition I can't. Guess I'll have 2 wait til tomorrow then..  off 2 French!"
"dunno where to start, so many things to do..."
"someone please tighten some bolts in my brain  :s  there are too many parts loose, some might even be missing"
"bahhhh.. cold weather is making my teeth hurt."
"ooooh.... I have a headache.  Got to go to work now"
"Morning. Forgot my daily booth yesterday.. shocking! I want to sit in the garden today and read but we have a huge bees nest"
"@TaylorKarney Ugh, did you just say your friend might have swine flu? OMG, why?"
"Home. Don't think i'll wake up at 5. :-p I had set an alarm for 6 in the kids' room &amp; forgot to turn it off. I feel bad about that."
"It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010.   http://bit.ly/AF8JT"
"@jesse_la ben's dreams make me so saddddddd  i want them to be togetherrr. i swear if this shit gets me bawlinggg, so help me.."
"Really wish I could have gone to @bikeradar this weekend"
"@MYFUTURELIES No way. What about Sydney?  yeah, you guys are like the semi-older version of Short Stack. However, with the same talent."
"wish i was home in time for the #jonaswebcast today"
"@billyraycyrus Please get a cell phone with a better camera on it... your pictures are real bad quality compared to those that Miley took"
"It's this year. Can't catch it, won't be in NY till Oct 2010  http://bit.ly/AF8JT"
"sorry for my lack of tweets  ive been buzy. new vid this saturday!!"
"@Glinner the trailer has been removed  i have a look and see if i can find it somewhere"
"@General_Coxy Apologies, we've had CMS issues all week"
"ARG! Eirtaku got hit by stupid bots. So much porn on a kid friendly site."
"@rainbowbrite22 What r u stressin' bout mare?"
"@Blinkollieb182 : nooo  i don't know why...i click on TweetDeck_0_25_manual_Blink182.air and it doesn't run!! so sad..."
"@davidbaillie they are evil mean people, who hurt you. I have a terrible phobia of dentists, but had toothache from hell this week"
"I just had a horrible dream."
"no food since woke up."
"i reeaally miss my cosito  hope hes getting good scores!"
"@JenniferSmithCo Just checked the diary and it clashes with uSwitch.net beers"
"No callback yet."
"working wearing sunglasses...my eyes are bleeding!"
"My dad's not feeling well. I want to make him soup. Suggestions guys? + get well soon ayah"
"I have too much homework to do today"
"Waiting for Hetzner to fix my server... Seems like Interspire SendStudio caused the problems"
"Our neighbors cat died!  I really loved him =("
"We actually have milestones due for 3 high profile projects in the next 2 weeks, &amp; they are all scheduled when I am on vacation -"
"I just woke up. My teeth really hurt from my rubber bands"
"Burnt the fuck out of my hand today."
"Google Adsense Income down by 6% in this months Payment, Indian Govt Happy for $ Falling, Publishers Sad"
"@labelladiva Are you blogging yet? I miss you writing"
"@edma my brain has become a converter ed. i've been converting into LM for  the past 2 yrs. every 5 mins of every single day"
"Woke up from aspirating some stomach acid. I'm praying that I dont acid reflux  and that it was a one time thing"
"almost got a kitty yesterday...but it didn't work out"
"Too much information"
"doesnt want to go to work"
"*sits at the airport waiting for @DenalisAngel to get here*..I got in early to surprise her and i can't find her"
"went to Marsee-they changed the store around &amp; I felt as though I was interrupting the staff"
"is school over yet? Im ready for vacations already"
"baaaaaaaah!!!! there's a MEGA cockroach in the kitchen and i have no one to kill it!  heeeeelp me!!!! haha my retarded cats are no help!"
"careless"
"The puppy is sick  and some one put they hands on my momma &gt;:-|"
"My puppies killed my cat lastnight,they thought she was a stuffed animal.  RIP Meanie  http://yfrog.com/104m6wj"
"why does my body decide NOW is a good time to wake up every morning at 8?! Maybe Dean will wait for me in my dreams..."
"@JonathanRKnight I`m really sad, that you didn`t give me an answer until now"
"@FrankieTheSats @MollieOfficial @Rochellewiseman @Unahealy @vanessawhite Post man Pat has now been &amp; still no birthday cards from yous?!"
"still fighting off this cold, ugh"
"this is horrible. lauren cant go out no more. and arghhh, i really fancied going out tonight. looks like a day and night in. grrreeaaattt"
"Can't seem to find the new Mountain Dew Throwback in 12 packs....only in 1 liter bottles"
"Mad tired. But it's the hols! I miss chomp chomp terribly!"
"today is going to be AH. Giving notice to my boss today. She is going to be upset  I'm totally stressed."
"My tummy hurts...again"
"@mublogger Weird, suddenly blogtalkradio is giving me a domain not found error.  I was just on it 5 minutes ago!"
"Long to-do list. Little desire to do it all."
"@iod2009 Will arrive tomorrow morning at 7  #early"
"There is a baby cardinal fallen out of its nest. I dont want to get attacked by the mom bird but i dont want the dog to get the bird"
"The Heater blew up"
"is so sorry for letting her down"
"@speedysari I know   But maybe by then you will have forgotten about it, and it will be like Christmas in July!!"
"@KoSoVaR  got a limit sell @ .94 for even pretty much, cover commissions. Didn't like my entry on this one"
"Missed FMA..."
"@Jack_O_C I'm seriously screwed  I haven't studied at all!!!! :'("
"is nervous and wants things to be dealt with already, it sucks having important life stuff up in the air..."
"Mel best hurry up back from asda i'm so hungry"
"Oh shit!  I forgot to eat! Grumble grumble."
"@jackfaulkner Don't have time - got work later"
"Ugh, I feel like shit-- gonna call out of my classes today  hope it doesnt affect my grade"
"currently working on the SDP's Prototype.... so much to do..."
"Today just fucking sucks for me!!"
"sun - where are you?"
"@inotherwords_c re:headaches my wife is in the same situation and has finally decided to go with meds because its just too much"
"ipod touch: worth the money? because i'm thinking of buying one. my ipod is dead since this morning"
"@keheliya Forget completely abt uploading the assignemtn.   Only remmebered cos of ur twit."
"My wiki project is going to have to wait another month  But manager thinks I need loads of time to prepare + has halved my workload"
"just found out i wont know my uni results for this year until 17th july at the earliest!!!! hate the wait"
"Wishes I was going to the pxy summer jam, but can never seem to win"
"@FuschiaFoot i didn't hit the right button or what. i wrote on the sheat tho, that i thought it was the cafe currency button. im sorry"
"is starving &amp; has a chem quiz due at noon"
"wanted to go to white sands today. forecast says there will be thunderstorms..."
"@iamepiclyamazin but...he's..mine  you told me a couple of weeks ago that you didn't find any other guys hot apart from the ones you..."
"computer.. please stop being so loud so i can do my work"
"last night's paper writing session=still not done. I need to prioritize better."
"@HeathersNotBSC No.  I was thinking just before how much I miss my T-Dub."
"is so sick of myself + my life  i'm never going to be as good i want + need to be. xoxoxo &lt;/3"
"@thomasphantom don't have one yet  but hopefully I'll be ponying up for one soon because this 15&quot; is definitely hitting a wall"
"I'm a fat and sad puffyn now"
"@MCRmuffin i couldn't be there for her last night cause i fell asleep like a retard.  agh."
"Sore throat. This is not good. I have four performances this weekend."
"Oh hell, I forgot the non-alcoholic cider for Monday's dinner. MPP is teetotaler. Now must drive to Waupoos. Have 7 cases of wine in car."
"Garden going well, almost all the corn and peas are up, no onions or beets up yet though."
"@bdule the installer is crashing towards the end of the installation"
"@jenisus aww  I have to go to class on that day... So imma do some weird half day thing just cause I wanna see what it's about"
"My back is killing me...  It won't keep me from dropping it low...hope I got someone to pick it back up tho... LOL"
"Attending Matthew's Senior Day for recognition and I'm so not ready for this."
"My ancient iPod is nearing death"
"Searching for Dr. Scholl's sandal inserts for men. It seems they only make them for women"
"@craigeryowens I work at a movie theatre in Toledo and I'd let you come see it for free. But it's not in 3D"
"I only have 2"
"@fuzzydave at YVR.... Fog delay is in SFO so we can't leave yet"
"@fosforo  shame on me!!!"
"@Emz2009 so sad emma  u sad to be leaving the show? xx"
"Forgot to set the alarm for a 6am ride  Hope I can get in a few easy miles after work.  Tomorrow: racin' the Gap!"
"@lkenner i ask myself that all the time."
"@mlbliss   Let us know what happens, poor little guy."
"@NateZim well we aren't normal then because 1. we can't drive in mexico (you have to be 18) and 2. there are no dairy queens here"
"Waiting waiting waiting very difficult for an impatient lass like me..."
"Feeling down again. Today is way too stressful."
"thoughts out to Vicki (MOM) who just hit a deer in her Stage 3 Roush"
"Is stranded at home. home in Sg Long."
"I saw the best 1980s back combed poofy bangs this morning on a 30yo... 8 in high. By the time I turned around she was gone... no picture"
"I should probally bring a box of kleenex to schoool today, I'm going to cry so much"
"bf moves to the city tomorrow. Currently he lives down the st.  Sadness.  He will be far away  (not TOO far, but not down the street )"
"@LATINQUEEN83 They ended up staying late  But how was ur night?? LOL"
"wating for the next metal gear"
"I cut my thumb on a broken coffee pot."
"Oh, ew. That's too bad - after not using this certain lip gloss for a long time I just tried to wear it - literally making my lips burn."
"'m working on a logo on photoshop &amp; it didn't work out..  hehe.. try again lah.."
"don't want to go to work tonight"
"yeha i broke their page... damit... im trying to fix it how... hope you dont bank with communityfirstandtrust"
"just when i thought things couldn't get any worse. it just did. and it will get even worse tonight, i bet.  my life is a misery."
"@lstcinthabldg im good! im on my laptop using and external internet plug. i need to send it away to be fixed"
"@My2Cynts kittens are cute then they grow up n become CATS"
"Told Verizon not to send anyone before 11. He showed up at 10. Gotta deal with this bullshit now, dunno how long I'll be offline."
"Oh no adult school again"
"@JonathanRKnight Sorry to hear ur flight got cancelled  that blows!!!"
"I'm currently feeling the wrath of too much alcohol consumption"
"@kasperapd I tried registering on the website. No go, I get an error with all 4 browsers. Firefox, chrome, ie, safari."
"Can't understand why I'm not getting any response"
"@BleedingSweat I saw this link, but I get an error on the CNN site when I open this page and cannot read the article."
"i'm not feeling twitter at the moment"
"@dreski757 nah I don't finish til next yearrrr!!!   are u stayin in the bad news after graduation?"
"@allyeatscat ya she prob does but i dont want to no about it"
"Chem final right now. Awwh mrs. Oli! Imma miss you!"
"@Caius the gloss screen on my macbook would probably rule me out"
"@Peter_Duerden JealousMUCH..I want to be outttt  Not stuck in revising. You better have green dragon in my honour lol"
"@TeeJay882 heyyyyyyyy no love for me no more !?"
"i seriously neeed to study"
"funeral at 2.  today is going to be bad."
"on my way to school of my last friday of high school ever!  and i don't even get to see holly Gabbie and hannah"
"It's tough being a thick chik"
"i suppose i best get ready for work  grrr"
"So disappointed about the talent lineup for &quot;Revent�n Super Estrella 2009&quot;...hmm...Have the feeling I won't get tix this time around."
"@moriagerard Won't really get a break till custody issue is settled and I've moved... another month or so, at least"
"@SarfaBarfa My friend Cliff has the tix, so I have to wait on him   Or you can ask trent to just let me in.  You  know, over all else &gt;.&gt;."
"@cccaaasss what's wrong?"
"My hair looks really bad  First thing I'm doing is washing it when I get home."
"its sad that the rats are becoming aggressive against the guinea pigs. I have to seperate them."
"My knee fucking hurts man  Haylee doesn't even care, GET ME MORE MILKSHAKE-SHAKE-SHAKE-SHAKE IT!"
"got 34/40 for exam 1... percentage doesnt look good."
"ive made a terrible mistake   i need an auto save function for everything i do !"
"Still unbelievably shocked about the firing of THE best radio personality, Martin Streek"
"no please!"
"At work I don't like today its nasty outside  can't wait to get home today and clean my house!"
"@hotelqueen hmm...your blog won't let me post a comment."
"@BLEXXED shit i got a shit of hw to do 2nite"
"hair, grow back!"
"@stinegirl2 thats a bad start to the day!"
"@seansmithsucks i would be looking forward to seeing you tonight if i was going"
"Freaking out a bit..crossing my fingers that things will work out ok"
"I miss my boys"
"@LatinAngel9393 that is so sad. wish I can do something big for the kids. may God Bless the kids always."
"@tommcfly I'm depressed ! I want to know you and kiss you all"
"@trayzz ... I think I'm gonna fail aswel!"
"@chezmax butbutbut... it has a qwerty keyboard... how can something with a qwerty keyboard go without a nethack port!?"
"@theboycharlie ooooo sooooo wanna swap my day is well boring revising for looming uni exams"
"I really, really want a golden retriever. Too bad I won't be living in a home where she could run around for about 10 years"
"I think i'm broke again.  :\"
"I miss my water cuz my well went dry"
"@grayguitar @andrewconnell I'm starting to feel depressed with this hurricane talk... I'm on the front lines down here!"
"Have to walk to school, and i have two welts on my thighs!"
"Head is pounding.  Well not really pounding, more like tapping I suppose.  Homework time."
"It's beautiful outside. The sun is shining, the birds are singing and I? I'm studying  Wish it were already vacation."
"met the shortest line ever at FCB Tunapuna... then the tellers disappeared"
"Dang I just realized how bad my eyes have gotten"
"urgh there's a power cut!!"
"@runaholickassy i spent the whole day shopping with Aiza.  i don't really like shopping.  still, i had fun but my feet didn't."
"@ejhildreth I keep trying to invite @ShannonMorgan out, but I think she's afraid of me."
"sitting in the parking lot-by myself  i miss you baby. couple min til i gotta deal with a bitch. then i'm peacin' out and hitting the gym"
"Nightmares last night so bad I slept curled tightly in a ball. Sore all over. Took three aspirin. Still hurts."
"the #liesgirlstell and #liesboystell threads show how women and men alike are screwed up and struggle to have real, honest relationships"
"@JSMSoftware IronPython + Windows Mobile is a no-go. Compact Framework doesn't support Reflection.Emit."
"#flylady Oh deary me: 15 mins not enough to rescue kitchen  I shall come back to it later so I can mow the lawn while still cool outside"
"@LayDown28 man I don't know... they been there a few months and he actually almost cries when he is speakin back to her. Sad"
"@foxy1982 Yeah, plus I always totally overspend"
"it doesn't feel like a friday"
"On my way to work wish I had more days off"
"Thinks that my friends lifes go around with what they boyfriends do and then they have not time for us girls"
"@StartSwimming: I'll be in Heerlen on Sunday but you won't be there, right?"
"Back to Tokyo tomorrow. Expecting some rain and no sunshine"
"@kngibbard03 NOOOO!!!!! I'm so sorry"
"@ RyanSeacrest : hi there might be a problem as it says no stream online, wat's not right?"
"I miss them.."
"@PotterEntourage I'm glad you threw the tantrum!  I was going to, but I don't know her well enough yet   Was she apologetic, darn her!?"
"@IZEAinc So sad...found otu about your boot camp too late.   Oh well, may be in LA that day anyway."
"@Policani The Northern Clemency.  But I don't recommend it.  Too much description and not enough action. Too slow"
"@jaynenorthover oh and yes (Y) metros, but I dont think I will be drinking, I think I mite have work the nextday"
"&quot;No offense, but your hair is bad today.&quot; Life isn't worth living anymore   Nothing hurts quite like hair insults. *cries into pillow*"
"@exton won't anyone give poor ernie reyes jr a break?"
"needs my mommy  http://plurk.com/p/x116r"
"@gina_pina_14  Not good!!He wouldnt like his girl flirting with his colleagues,would he?"
"is upset, I left my phone at home again"
"Dimples was in the preview... are they not on today?  It hasn't aired here yet... via http://twib.es/CPF"
"PIRATE VOICE:AAARRRGGGHHH!!! I 4GOT MY DAMN WALLET AT WORK SHERMK!!! DAMMIT!!! SO CLOSE YET SO FAR!!! NOW IM STARVING!!!"
"@aka55 Hope you mom is okay"
"@SeanHughes it is  tequila never ends up being a good decision."
"@xXScarletBXx I think that may look a little silly -.- Also my camera is broken so no photo"
"@hillaryohara because I couldn't get the money to mikey in time.  trust me. It makes me sad too."
"doesntfeelwell"
"Sitting at my kids school listening to moms discuss their daughters becoming women. I feel unsafe."
"Sweat is just not cute.  Unfortunately I haven't figured out how to work out without sweating. BOO."
"Im starting to rethink my &quot;I cant stand cold places&quot; stance..this heat, humidity is unbearable &amp; i cant stand the ac no more  #meltingaway"
"Back to work!"
"@zwaloo I've tried that already..."
"being upset"
"@PortlandUK  Hope you don't get let down again."
"@lindseygbaker yeah ill be on verizon... so those are my two options right now..."
"Found out I have to go to the US again in August. Getting tired of transatlantic flights. Not good for my carbon footprint either"
"Gonna go get my teeth taken out."
"@wolverine66 didn't get them"
"I am tres depressed"
".. so I can only recover 10 photos"
"I can't find @HRHBrianthecat  hope he didn't get eaten by anything last night...he jumped off the deck   he just wont stay in safe *sigh*"
"Yay for having a giant headache  stupid glasses."
"waking now, so lazy and very worry ..."
"What's with the mass exodus from work at half three?  It makes me sad"
"Enjoyed last night at what I call &quot;real world social networking&quot; -  LOK event in Vancouver.  It was great!.  But headeache today"
"@Boy_Kill_Boy oh sorry! not getting all my replies  nothing against you. and yes, i do know nirvana"
"@rogiertje just checked my account I also paid twice"
"i think 90% of the irish population of manchester have come to my house today yet none of them are the 1 person i want to see"
"My Street Fighter IV skills are lacking, can't beat Seth on easy."
"is at home with a pukey boy! Poor little baby"
"@Jakeshears poor pooch..."
"Poor DS is in bed with 100.8 fever - he won't be able to walk in Relay for Life tonight - feel so bad for him, he's so sad"
"@jerseybites I get bit by ticks all the time  I eat a ton of garlic in the summer to keep them and mosquitoes away! boo &gt;:O"
"I've burnt my collerbone and arms and face! aww!"
"@JonathanRKnight Poor Jon, I feel for you dude   Eat some chocolate, that'll make you feel better, oh &amp; some ice cream - YUM!!!"
"@danielrhodes I worked on the precursor to bing at msft. They canned our project"
"worst, most depressing day, ever.  r.i.p"
"@antiheroine That sucks"
"@crazydaisyfire Well thats even worse cuz when it gets hurt everyone is in pain, but poor Stephen has a smushed twitter now!"
"trying to learn how to speak french !  can't even remember a single word!"
"TODAY FRIDAY: I really hope you will read my messages here and reply to me soon. I could not reach you by phone before you go to work."
"@afrolicious Chile, I gotta study   But I do hope to catch an art show or sumshin...i need to get out."
"@SoundBwoyFast Gloomy as ever. I wanted to hit the beach too.  might as well get like you and handle my errands too lol"
"FML, i cant loose another friend"
"@autotunethenews i think there's something wrong with the video, it only loads the first 40-ish seconds"
"@illmindPRODUCER careful the cops dont mistake you and your kids for criminals - i hear there is some indiscrimate shooting going on"
"@AshMarie214 they tried to take me 2 jail sissy  apparently i have a warrant in agg town (yeah shocked the hell outta me 2)lmao yeah right"
"Happy Friday! I just realized I left my cell phone at home today though"
"@AnotherJulia Wish I'd had the balls, but with my 2 kids with me and not knowing how illogical these ppl can be, didn't want to risk it"
"@ahhchieee haha. I know. And then I need a new car too. Oh ps I got a speeding ticket."
"@release30  Enjoy...wish I was there! Nice day in Springfield today..however I have my end of month expense report to do"
"i'm really tired today!!"
"@johannabee Oh, no.    I'll think good thoughts."
"not enjoying this cold, raininy Boston day.  I think my new metal back doesn't like getting wet. ;-)"
"Finding it hard to stay productive now the sun is coming through my side of the building"
"I tell him today! :S it's his last day"
"@lofigirl who what?  call me"
"working from home and ran out of coffee!"
"@PotterEntourage I hope your mom is ok?"
"such a failure, i just ate a char siew pao  just when i thought i can skip dinner and go along my non-existent diet"
"@natdcook NAT!!! I'm going to miss you so badly"
"@TomFelton Oh how cool!!!, ok so for your head just laydown and put ice on it, that should heep the swelling down, I feel really bad"
"Feeling very undervalued and neglected. Not even the sunshine is pulling me out this lul."
"Hi there all! Can't stay to long have to go to work soon"
"my Chrissy is sick w/ a spring cold   Tissues stuck up his nose last night looked so pathetic.  Feel better soon baby..."
"is going to our cabin soon"
"The iPod is gonna die and gymnastics isn't over  boo"
"@BrittyBoo_20 I hope he does it soon, and i know i hate fakes"
"slaving away at work"
"@TALENTEDGENIU5 and that prob wont happen...."
"on my way to work! working sucks big time"
"is just waking up.. not very impressed with my sleep or my dreams. today is going to be a sucky day, I can feel it"
"So i sprained my ankle yesterday and it hurts worse today"
"@nanpalmero - can't get the live chat"
"@LittleLee  oh well,,,you dunno where i liv eANYWAY!"
".@daveharte ... and now I wish I hadn't"
"@sole_investor  how....no phone"
"Friday is the new Thursday"
"@JonathanRKnight i wish i  would in california.....i m so sad"
"is sad she got her plans cancled"
"is SO frustrated!!! I'm stuck at home without any transportation to the global god conference!!! Ahh"
"Worried about friend"
"Woke up early! Still sick"
"@GregDigneo: Your mail server just rejected a simple, plain reply to you as potential spam/virus threat. Not Good"
"Ok this is a lot more boring then I thought  and matt has me on lockdown bc of moolah..."
"Science, History And maths.. its so nice outside"
"it's 8a and i'm already dressed  but we're on set today so let the real fun begin!!! lights! camera! action!"
"iProcrastinate: This is by far my #1 character flaw. Gotta session at 11 and I don't want to emerge from my covers."
"I wish I was in dallas with the kiddnation family"
"Going To the dentist"
"I'm scared to set the pw on my BB bc I might forget it &amp; end up losing all my data. But yet I have financial info on it. Catch 22"
"@8short_stack8 mady were did u go?  truck did u run away?"
"@akomuzikera HAHAHAHAHAH I thought I was following you already..I don't know what happened. sorry ha?"
"@maya_banks &quot;Something must be wrong. Only found 17 July Harl/Sil books I wanted"
"@BrittanyHauff Jz local movie here. The title's virgin 2 :p actually i feel not so good. So tired n dizzy"
"sitting thinking how warm it is and wishing it wasnt so! Has so many things to sort out its driving me bonkers"
"i hate my life big time its sooo poop gode i ould cry"
"Charley horses in both legs all night. What the fuck?"
"sinus congestion is making thinking straight difficult"
"damn! got caught eating my Cadbury Temptations by the brother. Last 6 pieces gone  will get Bournville next time. u have to earn it!"
"@tarynantoniou where are you going tonight?!"
"Going to meet the new family I'm babysitting for... Wish I was still sleeeeping"
"@vladalexa I have a Palm now. I would like an HTC HD, but it costs 3 times more than my phone"
"Grrr, I can't even practice Trumpet or vocals because my glands in my neck hurt too much! Guitar it is then."
"is abit happier at the thought that Ashleigh &amp; Loocie with be here soonish, but sad to miss her S-ane  ;)"
"I am never going to get these pictures taken"
"Just had another Army-provided root canal. Not fun. I'm starving and craving lunch at Paloma Blanca. That's a long way from here."
"totally overstressed ... going to work now ... just want the college work to go away ... i don't wanna fail"
"I've got a headache"
"@SuFiSammy praying you get better soon you sweet one , sorry your still not well"
"Ahh, I forgot about the test today"
"My sunburn is peeling,"
"It's sooo hot 2day!! Put a ton of sunblock on before jogging; still think my face burnt though!"
"Ahhhh I think the rain is gonna begin shortly"
"Wants somebody to cheer her up"
"I guess you didn't hear the grumbles when kindle came out with no cover. My purse +eink screen = shortcut to broken screen  @COOLERebook"
"'Wake Up Darling'"
"@runsforcupcakes that sounds yummy.  Does it take quite a few almonds to get the amount you need?  Nuts are expensive."
"Really nervous about my animal rights presentation next period"
"Fritz Roderick Von Hughes is sad to be in the kennel all day  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6882699"
"Still sick at home"
"Went to bed at 12:20 last night. Woke up around 10:45. Holy crap.  I need to get up EARLIER. Like 8. Wish I could get up at 6 every day."
"I can't believe tour is almost over"
"@CajoleJuice Likewise. But I don't know anyone who uses gtalk and the likes so I'm not holding much hope"
"@actionscripter I tried to translate your tweet using google translation service, but it just spat it out back out at me"
"Reading and taking notes but undertanding none of it  ... HELP!"
"real stressed"
"My twitterberry wont work on my friends and me"
"@maltpress sorry - didnt mean to   hope you can think positivly about being 80 and looking back on 30!"
"@tinytim2701 kinda, my housemates were a bit frantic as I appeared to have every fork we own hiding in my room, need to revise now"
"My throat hurts so bad that i dont even want to swallow my own spit.       And i officially cant talk now...."
"@PMSexgeek ugh something is wrong, suddenly I feel extremely flushed and shaky and I broke out in a sweat. Idk what's wrong."
"@DrRonVonDoom i couldn't fucking sleep today either. it was hard for me to stay asleep for some reason"
"@_Janet_ ouch, I hate it when favourite items of clothing get ruined."
"is thinking today will be a longg day!"
"14 pages left to read, then it will be time to start all over again, and again.  Off to Lunch Duty...love 6th graders"
"@blankdeluxe  no i havent got mine yet, did u get yours?"
"@yerex i want to adopt him"
"Sooo tell me how I lost followerzzz"
"@ispeed72 Could've said hi. We're off down south tho"
"my tummy hurts  i blame last night's chinese food."
"@DsBabyGirl I know. I want it to come bec I'm excited, but then I don't bec it's gonna go by so fast &amp; then it will be over"
"@RyanSeacrest Im feeling sad, not likeing my new haircut"
"@RiceBunny cause my eyelids are not deep set.  thanks it would help me a lot."
"@scorpio1641 I have no idea  I'm watching Rafa too. Running to the comp ever to often to check live score. he's 3-2 down in the third."
"@Keitakeita girl you stay inviting me but not doing a follow-up hahaha... no phone call to check up on me"
"@ELIZABETHANNN I'm sorryyyyyy  I'll be home as fast as possible where we meeting at?"
"GM TWITS! Headed to the BX to clean up the new Apartment! But kinda sad cuz I dreamed about him last night"
"@happylovesChuck I know. But the second problem being: he doesn't REALLY exist still applies. Shame"
"@yeahgiancarlo Can't  No money to spend."
"moving today.... sad day"
"I need some plugs. for real. my ears want to stretch. and I have no money"
"thinking about having lunch soon, but we have no food in"
"@energeticspace If I can run by then, I will join you...miss running"
"nyc placements have started to come out, but it looks like upgrades might have to wait yet another two weeks for placements! dreadfully"
"need to go to work soonish but i really dont want to  also trying to save money... life is fab (not)"
"Moving office tomorrow after 3 years at this one, its a sad day"
"my lord! this day is going to slow"
"stayn @ home from school. sick. doc says I have bronchitis"
"Going to see Star Trek (again) tomorrow night but this time in full IMAX glory!  I hope my motion sickness doesn't get the better of me!"
"Am hating my life at the moment. There's only so many NOs my delicate little mind can take"
"NEEDS an external hard drive. I don't have enough money   &lt; I don't wanna give up my music! &gt;"
"@krissylin you're a busy Bob, I'm jealous. I'm not sure I can even afford to go meet John de Lancie and Leonard Nimoy"
"great. my mom is pissed at me, so she sent me to the asbestos filled backroom"
"@ceichstaedt I guess it'll work under fusion. Otherwise you'll have to boot directly to Vista just to do some online banking, which sucks"
"I'm going to miss my iMac so much over the next month."
"@drford not too good  how are you feeling today?"
"I am never going in to town on a sunny friday in half term again. eugh got no electricity"
"@suziperry @AnnaPhylaxis Oh no matey, did you get ill?  It would be a bit mean of Suzi to be calling you chicken scabs if you're not!"
"@ian_watkins Oh my gosh ian i always miss you when your on"
"@Blue_Rose *hugs* thanks. I don't know how I'm going to fix this if I'm ever going to get my account back."
"@tigerlilyleo lots and lots of red wine...knowing good and well how it has managed to make me sick a few times before"
"figuring out wats wrong with her she can drink but cant eat  ..."
"Sephora is having a 75% off sale. And I'm so broke  Life isn't fair."
"ughhhhhhhhhhhh  :/"
"@singlemom75 that's the prob, no idea how to meet guys. Met all my exs online &amp; now I've dated that pool dry"
"Waiting patiently to go out tonight....al by my lonesome"
"ok, back to the dentist today. All I want to do is bask in the sun"
"@Lealala i no its so warm isnt it!! :O My arms are sore  Bad times. My face is a little red too :S"
"Good mornin &amp; no u tol twitter LOL but I knew &amp; called u yesterday 2 see if u were okay but no answer  how r u feelin babe?"
"'ss back to the gym project. Finally finished ... Damn filthy hobo's always trying to eat my taco's.  !!   &lt;/3"
"@Eyglo That's beautiful! Thanks for sharing... My grandpa was recently diagnosed with Alzheimers too...."
"nomatter how much i sleep am still tired  either going to sleep early or late...."
"oh when will #gfail end? been on HTML version all day"
"I really need to lose weight. Anybody wanna be my exercise-buddy?"
"Where is Teng?"
"@iamchrisc pleeease reply !"
"@workingmoms thanks he got hurt Wednesday and going to vets today"
"@herseyd That happened to me once... only I wasn't drunk. lol"
"@the_magician Yes, apnea, but it's not the prob. I'm on meds that might be causing this.  they help otherwise so much, don't want to stop"
"@DonnaSpeaks I dont know  I didnt even realize it was gone  let me put it up again...darn twitter!"
"Wanna know a not fun way to wake up? Having a panic attack and not being able to breath for no fucking reason, that fucking sucked"
"Up. Showered. Struggling for the drive to get out the door. I'm gloomy. I miss my sway."
"ConGrats to all Graduates! Such a Beautiful thing &amp; Big Deal! I wish i cudve attended my lil man Ryan Kdg Graduation..  Feel verY Sad!"
"Well can ya please send some luvin to @JonathanrKnight   im sensing deep fiery anger surrounding his presence right now..."
"is surprised Lleyton isnt putting up much of a fight"
"got fever and is now half-dead."
"Can't play World in Conflict because the computer is running too slow"
"http://twitpic.com/66o7z - Yep. Drank Bawls this morning  ... No more Bawls for me. This will be my last."
"It's a bad start to the day when you're sweating your butt off before 0930 at the range"
"@LushLtd why can't i buy the new night in for toes? i see it, it's within my grasp, but it's just not bringing it to my shopping cart"
"@alshepmh yeeeeeessss I can't wait! Too bad I can't drink"
"off to work! missing out on all the sunshine!"
"#ff sports: @BaseballFanNat @BKCyclones @blind_baseball @ESPNBaseball sorry for not getting around to everyone my phone is acting up"
"Another day I haven't got time to play plus it's raining and chilly And also have a headache - WTH? . . going back to sulking mode."
"I'm so pissed off today n sadly.. Can't even share the reason here"
"Well it's friday and usually the start of something awsome...I'm not sure if that'll be this time around  I gotta shake this"
"Fuck. My arms feel like really sore jell-o"
"@littlereview Awww!!"
"why does the beach have to be so far away from atl??    need beach, need beach."
"@jasonrockz352 aw man im sorry! I have logical reasoning I promise! I had to study in order to tutor my new student! 4give me"
"I missed you yesterday, Lacey.    We get to go to granulation tonight, though."
"off to work again ... mercedez's last day"
"To eat or not to eat? Its gonna be my last meal for the next 2 weeks."
"Just got past really bad crash.........car was mangled"
"oh no somebody hacked into my email  i'm scared now. what the fuck!!"
"@LuvinMeSomeD Yep, exactly   And I'm really sad about this tour...I know I'm gonna cry at my last M&amp;G...."
"@ani_trip I bet he didn't fall asleep till like this morning  sorries."
"@EricaJo42 yeah but there are like 5,000 types of snakes..and it's wicked wicked wicked hot...and idk. i don't think i'd like it"
"Had to come in, was baking out there and have slight headache now"
"don't think that went well, was only in there for 15 mins"
"@DonnieWahlberg Hi Donnie today i want 2 hear from u that u guys r going to reschedule NC so i dont have 2 b bummed anymore"
"@geekasia I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"well dnt really knw wot to do stay wit some 1 who doesnt want 2 b wiv me or move home to rents after 4yr of bein away"
"@SaylaMarz Looks like we're on the exact same track  Nothing worse than not being able to fix things for someone you love."
"@lindseylu My club card and picture and I just cured world hunger! And made of gold! This thing is awesome! Too bad you don't have yours."
"@pennydog Yucky!  Time to bring out the vaccuum and go to War. Our house is always a spider haven for some reason. Not cool."
"I'm trying to figure out how on earth I am supposed to be able to update my statuses via my phone. Someone help meeee!"
"It's official nobody is getting a raise this year"
"Been 2 years and m still devistated that they knocked down my old primary school"
"@nokiko Oh, I see what you mean. That is true if they are used improperly, which we know they are."
"Today is my last day of employment for the next 3.4 years. Here I come graduate school!  Going to miss the action at www.shugartbates.com"
"E3 2009 will be the first time I will not get to see G4TV's E3 coverage since Comcast moved the  G4 channel from basic cable to premium"
"The lab informs me the logic board is dead as well. It is farking expensive to replace. I don't know what to do.  #MyPowerBookG4RIP"
"@ryking I never know whether they include me. Just straight white men, right? I wanna be part of the problem too."
"Back to work.  Extremely slow now that start up's over."
"@laurenmichell Scary!"
"One downside of the nice weather: It brings of the chavs..."
"NEED SUMTHING FOR THIS EXCRUCIATING HEADACHE"
"My mother is taking Gambit to the vet today. I hope it's nothing too serious."
"@NmcDee Haha ....I Cudnt Get Tickets For Dublin ..I Was soo Upset"
"@tommcfly Tom! Do a tour in the Philippines, please?  That would be so awesome!"
"is hoping that she left her bb at home and didn't lose it on the Metro"
"oh kasa, please lose the hair do"
"The reason why I can't find the latest Arena magazine is because it has folded due to the recession. Grrrrr. GQ/FHM survive? No justice."
"My sisters in laws house, car and tree got hit by lightning last night! Aint that some shit lol its on the news, awww me sorry"
"WOW i just drank a drink of water - 12 ice cubes that took ages to melt. i now have brian freeze"
"@jdawg Still waiting for a email  from MAX. So i consider no news, bad news."
"Missing my mom today. We made it a &quot;date&quot; every year to get our flowers together. This yr I was alone. Felt so weird"
"@Bing11 Yes, and I really hoped to do one last gas price story... but I guess it wasn't meant to be!!!"
"My back hurts"
"@Malcmail I wasn't given an exact date, but it shouldn't be much longer. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience!"
"can't feel my tail bone."
"@alpew Good luck.. I have still to get wireless working post IT6"
"@SidViciious You must be doing different poetry to me. All we get is Catullus, some Ovid and and an extract from the Aeneid.  x"
"@Mandelin Omg i'm on a one year work permit! Going home end of June...i'm really gna miss it   #canada"
"there are many jobs I aspire to, supervisor is not one of them  talk about too much stress for too little pay"
"So tired and I don't know why"
"Kidney Stones again  What did I ever do to deserve this kind of pain, not once or twice but five times in my life??? Took drugs, peace out"
"@nkotblorib Nothing definite yet..and the show is in a week   I may just be resorted to giving them away"
"@LadyLogan I thought u were down here so I came down and u were mom said no RJ took them"
"maaaaan! I spent an hour on a project for work, only to have the computer bork and crash and lost it all"
"@AgingBackwards I use to own a 32 lbs tabby cat. Got him for North Shore Animal league he had diabetes"
"I'm looking forward to going home tomorrow, but I really wish it was for a different reason."
"Hey #rda2009cla presentation was too large to post!  sorry   (From rules to entities: cataloguing with RDA live &gt; http://ustre.am/2j3l)"
"TGIF. I don't feel good."
"@reflective aww... sorry for both of you.  May the LORD give you strength and rest today!"
"@MarceloN rlly dead?  Descanse em paz... #luto #sad #RIP"
"painting my nails green in an attempt to look like an army person. annoyed that everyone seems to tan apart from me! freckles and sunburn"
"Trying to revise Environmental Studies and write my personal statement at the same time is really hard!!"
"This is very bad news...  BTW, now i started with some friends to make the jedi academy unleashed mod. It will be only SP and for PC!!!!"
"@marvelvscapcom I entered it in within 20 seconds of post and still didn't get it"
"@ATTNews Still no Internet today"
"super hungry... Dominos or martabak... both tempting and fattening"
"@Smilystace i am so sorry"
"Up early for class. ((Blahh))-------&gt; Hang Over kiddies"
"@MattyV AND! you wouldnt even be able to go. its too far for you"
"@SolarAvada - DAMN. LOL ON FRIDAY.? ITS NOW SATURDAY HERE LOL. IM IN AUSTRALIA"
"About to get my wisdom teeth pulled!"
"Woke up and felt a sharp pain in the back of my leg. No school for me today"
"@_kotenok !!  ... maybe they took one look at you and said &quot;That's our girl!&quot;"
"Taking a load of old broken concrete to the landfill. Tried to find a recycler"
"Sitting at the Connection listening to the employees reminisce and mope about their last shift"
"misses driving already"
"i really miss you @STYLEnista i wish you were down here"
"I'm very conflicted here.  I really like Mike but I still have feelings for Darrin.  It's really complicated.  I don't know what to do."
"I'm really tired today - I must have slept very badly... I'm glad it's an &quot;off&quot; Friday, but I've still got a ton of stuff to get done  #fb"
"is afraid she caught that thing going around... I feel utterly drained and it's only 10 am!"
"@jdcritte Though it was a cold that would go away, turns out it's a sinus infection that just keeps getting worse and worse by the day."
"I gotta do my assignments tomorrow  OMG mackillop has swine"
"@anitapsays what happened?  are you suffering from neck/shoulder/back pain like me?  i can't move either"
"@htoddcarter @CatholicMeme http://tinyurl.com/mdr7b4 I just noticed that too"
"@leilaanasazi: I'm sure lots of that studio equipment was collected analog stuff that can't be bought anymore.    seriously, condolences."
"bye LA... I already miss you"
"i wanna watch PCD concert dad"
"What a dreary, rainy, crappy day."
"i am very very tired"
"@fortrel The newest versions are not any better"
"@Petiethecat None of Meowmie's friends have money, and even if they did, she wouldn't be able to pay them back."
"Gah the sunlight is so bright today it's giving me a headache  Resorted to wearing new sunglasses"
"10 25 Am Still waiting on the doc to come and break my water."
"i want to borrow an MX5 this weekend"
"just been in the garden but i was being attacked by bugs so i came inside"
"I know that just sounded really stupid.  having 2 jobs sucks. I don't like feeling like this. I feel bitter and angry. What am I? 70??"
"Eatting all these candies I bought from little mexico last night... Charged my ass .50 for swipping my card and it all taste like shampoo"
"You know you're too old to party like a rockstar when....you realize no one else claps when they dance. It's just you"
"@sk8n_bree say hi to the otters! They are my favorite- besides the fact they are slowly killing themselves with each shell they open."
"sorry guys i didn't sign in for a while  sorry every1"
"Horrid dream. I suspect I will have to cancel my plans tonight..."
"@SquishT77 So sorry to hear about your mum."
"my online portfolio is down  great...esp when jobs are trying to look at it"
"@Jaisaphira I agree, however I can't sell  until I'm a full brick &amp; motar store...  soon though hopefully"
"The one day I do my hair, weather sucks  where is the sun?"
"4 hours of sleep, a migraine, again? What is wrong with me?    hate my life"
"@clairmc my riding time has been dismal too during these rainy weeks.  haven't been able to make myself to go to the gym instead."
"@ekalavyab dammit i had the passes but i am still at work"
"Going to the doctors now. Scared as shit."
"My body hurt  I need a rub down like NOW!"
"@chantelnicole I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"@countingcrows i'm totally gutted, i ended up with my foot in a cast today so i can't travel to nottingham now to see you guys   xxx"
"@electricdog 140 characters, I find, is rarely enough to elaborate much upon anything."
"My throat hurts"
"@EAZY_ERON Effy breaks my heart."
"@thinkgeek Aw, man!"
"http://pinkpawsforlife.org/ - pets get cancer too."
"&quot;Isn't she lovely? Isn't she beautiful?&quot; Sorry Stevie, you're not really in a position to make that judgement  #steviewonder"
"Braxton was up at 2:30 untill 4am and now he won't sleep more than 15 minutes at a time! It's hard to be a mom on days like this!"
"Sitting @ home sick.... wish this cold wuld go away.... start skool mon!!! yay!!!! not so much"
"trying to get into the groove of studying  heeelllppppp meeeeeeee"
"@infinitus_ When they don't pop well. I feel lousier after playing those."
"ahh everyone's out today taking in the sunny weather except me  might go and watch some tv..."
"got back from walking to school gotta go back around one or two that heat almost gave me a stroke"
"you know you're working to late when you hear about the sun setting via twitter"
"starting phase 1 of operation &quot;be productive&quot;- pack clothes. can't find pink tank top!! oh no!!!"
"@Youngbanks206 did you already get your update? I havent yet"
"@cazp09  lol y? is it really gross??  i'm HUNGRY and theres nothin to have"
"@uncomplex not sure I can make it afterall"
"i had my chance and blew it, now i have to suffer the consequences..gnite tweeps"
"kids out for summer/ pool has been taken over/ no more tanning girls  #haiku #yayschoolisout #sarcasm"
"My sister got a lunch date and I don't"
"Sitting at my desk wishing things were different"
"is wondering why no one else is following it....  C'mon people!"
"@CaityKaboom so sad i have to pay $60"
"Not feeling comfortable with myself today"
"@eogasawa you looked great for being sick yesterday! i'm sorry I didn't really make an effort to say hi...  I was preoccupied for a while"
"I HAVE A HEADACHE"
"is sooo confused these days   But glad to be back from Lillestr�m"
"Of all things good and awesome about shooting destination weddings, I'll miss my baby girl for few days.   #fb"
"@dnbauman hahah yeah, i had the same problem. Tomorrow there is a bday dinner for Terry at 7:30 so i don't think we'll see the fight"
"my car is in at the garage &amp; is not coming out anytime soon! last time I heard the gearbox was the problem, still waiting for the quote."
"On hold with unemployment, hoping to get call completed before I need to get daughter from school! Not looking good"
"I�m Back, sorry, lot a work  news?"
"ok nevermind. photo was set to private. sorry."
"@ilovesarai i think i am going to do lennys.. i dont know! ahh! lol i hate making decsions!"
"TGIF! What a morning! It's been non-stop &amp; I need coffee. Stayed up late last night trying to get todays work done. Didn't work"
"@deedz I totally agree. I just don't like it when everybody closes the windows in buses, trains etc. I'm afraid of getting diseases there"
"@Rukkie    What To Say?"
"@NancyEDunne oh Nancy - so sorry for your loss  &amp; wishing you the best!"
"Slept at my parents the bed was hard as a rock now my back feels like a rock"
"@deadra I could have bought a Vespa with the amount of money I just spent"
"industrial tommorow! oh yeah &amp; I get to go see a bunch of old people go away forever &amp; I will probably cry all over the place."
"I always feel like I'm betraying her trust in me when I drop the pup off at the groomer."
"thinkin &amp; tryin 2 figure out lifes tricks"
"omg i was so nervous last block. i had my speech and i almost puked. it was horrible.... i bet i got a bad grade on it...."
"I want Guitar Hero:World Tour SOO bad."
"just realized i gained 40 pounds in the last year  http://bit.ly/wCr3a"
"I'm really bored! My brother went to get his permit! Stay off the roads! Jk lol! It feels like all my friends have abandoned me! Except 1"
"@drewryanscott I would be there... But I live across the country"
"so hot in the office as air con been broken for weeks, fans on all round office but they just push hot air around really and not helping"
"wait a sec. there are only 8 more days left of hotdogging?  ....i did not sign up for this..."
"gettn ready to take a trip to Jersey my dad's not doing so good, he needs a new heart~whoeva see's this please say a prayer for my dad"
"ive got a headache now"
"Today seems like it should be a good day! Even though my fuel pump is going out on my car  *~xoxo~*"
"i didn't wake up early enough to go roller blading  contrary to a tributary, i flow endlessly"
"Not feeling too good at ALL, about to head to work from 12-5.  Not a bad shift, just not fun when you don't feel well! Hope it goes FAST"
"@MINDY979  I wish I knew..  Trying to figure something out here too"
"I think I'm running a fever and not feeling so well!"
"I'm extremely hungry.... and the only thing I have in my house is Soup...  I don't like soup... *pouts*"
"Mouth hurts"
"@megshine: have fun focus grouping! i have no participants as of yet.."
"@allureonfire I'm lookin @ the news and its not gonna b warm enough for the beach"
".@jkmodels I missed your party...you must forgive me pleassse, i feel bad.."
"Its payday! Yay! For all the good it does. Bills bills bills....I'm broke again already"
"So tired. Work today."
"ok, i have to turn off all of my twitter device updates until i get a new battery. phone goes from fully charged to dead in about 5 hours"
"i have high cholesterol"
"Headed to verizon. Praying that pinkberry is going to make it."
"Back to the salt mine for my one day work week. So much to do."
"I have to pee (fucking coffee)  sooo long until break time. 77 more letters...what to write, what to write..oh, used them all up."
"LOL! That bank told me the time."
"@The_Vegetable me 2"
"@hollsh I want to come over"
"I'm nauseous  I need a yogurt or something.."
"I now know more than I ever wanted to know about the extinction of frogs"
"I wanna leave after 2nd period *cryy*"
"Really nice outside...I'm stuck at work"
"Gardening stuff I ordered got returned to sender because it was damage  need to work out how to get to a garden centre."
"@chrisrcook Since the demise of Woolworths it isn't easy to find reasonably priced pick n mix anywhere"
"thinks lamb chops would be really nice right about now... or maybe some sushi  mmm.. maybe just an ice lolly cos its so damn hot!!!"
"@DanKalbacher It won't EVER happen again...I feel like I let my team down"
"@KarenEJones -dont know if u herd but queensland is havin it bad they have floods and in this weather, i want to help but i cant"
"@geskoi Sorry to hear."
"Was meant to go play cricket but can't get a lift so I'm now stuck at home watching the Apprentice on a lovely day  http://ff.im/-3niD8"
"My car died this morning.  On top of everything that happened yesterday.  Whoever put the hex on me please let me know what I did wrong?"
"@freosan My dad had to bury ours six weeks ago. She became his after I left for college fourteen years ago. Long time to have a kitty."
"Gonna go and see my sister at Mount Sinai ....  she's there for at least another 24 hours."
"Well, my dog still isn't at the shelter. I hope someone good has him"
"@felipemercado are you still angry with me?"
"@seth_cohen I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"the plan to not spend money is not going well"
"@tommcfly We're running out of things to tweet to you.  Wish we could get your reply! Come to the Philippines?  TWEEET!"
"@JackieTheGreat first of all i love your picture, PICTURE whore. &amp; the boyfriend???  JACKIE. FML. WHY HAVEN'T YOU EMBRACED THE PHONE &amp;"
"i feel like crap right now and i have one more month of school left  FML HARD"
"Dangling belly rings are a bad investment...the cutest ones ALWAYS pop"
"@143presents What time you close today? Is it the last day today or tmr? I may shed a tear"
"@HeadHardHat  Sorry to read about your layoff.  I'll keep you in my thoughts."
"@snipeyhead the there's confuse me"
"@_supernatural_ http://twitpic.com/66l83 - I really miss her."
"would rather be with the bride doing last minute wedding stuff instead of being stuck behind a desk until 5.  Someday..."
"Sometimes it hurts that pets cant talk back to us. What if they are in pain. How would they tell us."
"@ameeface  What's wrong with her?"
"i got hurt helping my grandad cut the hedge.  &amp; i swear i have spiders all over me D: erugh xx"
"my apple-mouse doesn't work on my shiny red coffee table..."
"Learned a lesson the hard way. Lost my USB stick and backup was a month old"
"it's almost june and i'm bundled up because of this nasty ass weather! i just want to lay in the sun on the patio near the roses"
"@HubUK wow thats impressive! luckily im not in rush but i feel for friends who aren't getting any younger but cant move house  tricky"
"@tommcfly My eyes are starting to hurt. So late. But must reach 200 updates due to tweets sent to youuuu! Philippines tour, pleeease?"
"MY CAR IS ALMOST DEFINATELY GOING TO BE WRITTEN OFF! THE GARAGE RANG AND SAID THE WORK WILL COST 3K AND ITS UP TO THE INSURANCE CO"
"@JaredDouglas i'm still awake, coulnd't go back to sleep"
"Sitting at work, waiting for this day to be over with. It is always Fridays that take forever. Wish the weekend would get here already."
"@natdcook hey you, honey bear! Don't goooooooo  puhleeezeee.."
"@kevinwilliams yeah I guess so  it makes me very sad though becase the disc is scratched!"
"got woken up early AGAIN  I kinda wana just chill today but there's so much to do!"
"has toothache"
"Feeling sick at stomach today"
"I woke up this morning thinking it is Saturday"
"@KMON3Y LOL well these girls didnt!!! And my girl made me tip the lady and she put her boobies in my face"
"i am Marina and i sware to God i'll never again end up studying French till 2 o'clock at night EVER AGAIN...too much drama...sooo sleepy"
"@JackieKessler  sad face."
"5 hours to go and no football again for me"
"i need some serious cheering up"
"@KingsOfLeon_Grl very excited, although her train is going to be delayed"
"sad day*Lakers please make me happy with a W"
"No school, again. This time cuz im sick."
"I need a bigger mp3 player... even if it pains me to say it"
"@humbug83 Aaaaw no!  Are the windows open and that?"
"@vegangirlzrock I finally figured it out! I felt bad canc. group but  just wanted to take meds and do nothing. Back still hurts  ."
"is super stressed!"
"is sad to go to work cuz it's TermiNeda's last day...and little monkey's last day too"
"Rickroll'd by iTunes on shuffle"
"My student just walked in balling.  She just witnessed her dog getting hit on the street.  I don't know what to do to cheer her up."
"missing him so much. why does he have to work  can't he just spend time with me and get paid for that lol"
"waiting for minami, then london and cobra. i'm going to miss her loads"
"i just want my car back."
"@MelanieDawn Forgot about the traffic  Heading to Foxford in Mayo and the lovely Pontoon tomorrow"
"Woke up.. Walked out of my room, and a bug flew in my eye"
"And I wanted us to leave at 12:45 to do a 1 p.m. showing (staff retreat mini)"
"Turned my alarm off this morning because I thought it was Saturday. Had to rush to get ready for work because its def not Saturday   #FAIL"
"My puppys not feeling so good today"
"Has anyone else woken up one day and felt like they acquired near sightedness over night?  Everything is blurry all of a sudden."
"@MargaretEnright YES!! I made the sign when i noticed it missing on Sunday! So far, no luck... It's now Unlucky Japanese Cat..."
"that just sucks!"
"is it normal for a masseusse to fully massage your buttocks? I swear she was a quarter inch from a medical exam.."
"@athoob the lens was 70mm  I couldn't"
"Got an appt. w/ the doctor at 4pm today to look at these &quot;bites&quot;. Hoping it isn't an infection. I need more powerful anti-itch cream."
"Didn't sleep good last night. Woke up with another bellyache  what's wrong with meeeeeee."
"Ouch, my back. Man I'm sick"
"No theatre next year  stupid schedules!"
"@MaXXXimumMyra I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"My shirt is a fuzz magnet today and I feel totally uncomfortable"
"Art History Quiz...  I didn't study"
"@CharPower  I gave up cable in these tough economic times.  it was either cable or shoes, and you know what cable lost"
"@ameliapontes getting there sat afternoon I think. No costume yet  womp wompppppp"
"@Petrolhead159 Unfortunately I didn't see any of that spreading of poo"
"Woo, Hulu Desktop! My poor Mac is kinda struggling with it though, poor little Core Duo just can't keep up"
"why are matters of the heart so complicated?"
"Words can barely describe how shitty I feel this morning. Work, then driving to Madison to play Discotech. Driving alone"
"@elizabite  I'm so sorry.  I don't understand why some people expect everyone to react to these things with the same &quot;poise&quot; as themselves"
"@carolkoh Sorry to hear that Carol."
"@CheeHsien IT WAS JAM ALL OVER THE ISLAND! Till I'm havin migraine now!"
"I've gotten a cold every time I've flown somewhere 6+ hrs away in the past year.  Hope to be back in the pool/on the bike next week."
"@craftyasparagus And.. it's raining here"
"@EFCuttin so where r u spinning now that the Hookah is R.I.P.?"
"@socilover awww...busy day for you then! I have to get my Big Mac ass outta here...Work beckons  I'll talk to you later."
"@gonepie thats what doting husbands are for LOL!!  I hope that once my braces go on, I can eat normally again"
"Have a slight headache"
"@zzwhitejd did you decide it is a sprain? mine has been bothering me again, but never had it checked out"
"stuck at home b/c my mom is sick and we haz not moniez"
"@crapsticks how do i make it better after being robbed of 1m."
"@mikebugout Nooooo!  Working this weekend"
"one of my cat's is sick"
"I'm so disgusted that my assumptions regarding what happened in Harlem last night were 100% correct without reading the story first."
"@AshyLBowz - OH FOA REAL.? I DIDNT REALLY KEEP UP WITH WHAT WAS GOING ON. TOO MANY DIFF STORYS N STUFF HEY.  WISH HE NEVA DID IT!"
"My poor wife.  I'm laid up for another 6 hours on doctors orders, then can't do much and she is dealing with screaming baby"
"dear @LincolnT a)stop snoring and b) move from the middle of the bed, please."
"Moving makes me sore.  Dunno if we are gonna make it!   Its getting close!"
"now i am doing the MicroEconomics project  ihate this subject &amp; beside that i have the english ILETS exam tomorrow, waaa ,HELP !!"
"my shoes hurt my feet"
"Loving the warm weather... but can we get some rain please?! my water bill is going to be bad"
"@linkdupont yeah  That was bad...."
"I hate having to put my toddler in a disposable, but her rash needs ointment. I hate her having a rash even worse."
"..Get Over On His Mom &amp; Now I Feel Horrible, He Must Think I am.  That's Not What I Meant. Just Thought It'd Be Better Than The Brunt."
"@AraTheCoach. Really I look like a boy!!! I need someone to do my hair!"
"14 more days with slow internet"
"@tommcfly Will we be seeing McFly in the Philippines soon?"
"Tired with a headache  me no like sunshine"
"died again in KP  .. gonna upgrade some of my spells now first before heading back there... #eq2"
"YM, meebo &amp; ebuddy really hate us  @kuhrabbyPATTY @whatsuppp @ashpolicarpio @cheyennelaxa @piaatrinidad"
"I'm going to miss the seniors so much!  Don't goo!"
"Poor Nicole just absolutely DESTROYED her cell phone"
"I was on time three shifts in a row.  but I woke up at 840 and work's at 9. five minutes late, ugh! -_-"
"@djknucklehead im listening to people saying eww at out current frog disection  poor froggy."
"I REALLY  should have gone to the Chiropractor this week . . And today  my neck hurts so bad"
".. these holidays are soo boring.."
"Is wondering if my ankle will ever stop hurting"
"I guess this is soul searching time for me since I'm home alone &amp; no one's talking to me"
"This really hurts. And this really sucks. I don't know what I can do to fix all this, seriously."
"I forgot to put on sunblock before getting in the car"
"@waynooooo I always hope they will die out but then i see the the old ones and it makes me sad"
"I didn't go to the gym today and I feel bad"
"i guessed my leg havent healed from the old injuries  but i can still run though and kick ball! haha. but will sometimes fell a sharp pain"
"PayPal hates me.  It refuses to let me verify my account."
"has at least 30 bug bites on her legs"
"the commies at their finest: youtube and blogger are blocked in china. no updates from us while we are in china.  but GREAT WALL CONQUERED"
"@MGGubler Sounds painful   Sorry you got hurt.. And may I ask how this happen?"
"@frenchiep Hi frenchie *-* i'll do that...later  :p"
"@kdc well there go my peace corps prospects."
"@Lipstick_kiss I can't find it on YouTube   only the concert versions....HELP!!!"
"Forgot how much i hate pizza delivery and manalapan and marlboro scum"
"I think I might like Twiterfon better than Tweetie now. Recent upgrades from Twiterfon have been great! None from Tweetie"
"@brookstuh am I not good enough"
"Michael Porter is haunting me again. Ugh. The five forces. But I don't remember the other 9 strategies for competitive advantage."
"@Jonin60seconds tried to edit the page but couldn't add my name  can you pop me on the list please!"
"@kathypak  that's not good"
"@Jerome117 that and being so careless with her vocals."
"Irritated that I can send emails but not receive them!"
"My head's THUMPING."
"I hate Fallout 3 it keeps making me jump, I'm also low on health, money, ammo and food  don't worry I'll get through it."
"@ll217 its true...i can never be like @CDO_Bambu never"
"sad day... told my students this is my last year here... a lot of crying since.."
"Slovakian country side is a refreshing change compared to tarmac and cars, but I am a city boy and need the tarmac"
"@penbleth Don't leave forever! We'll miss you too much"
"I thought I was safe from the INJECTIONS today, only to find out my Mom will be the one who'll inject me with vaccine. HELP!"
"According to @momsrising, a quarter of families under six live in poverty."
"@badlady Think of the prize at the end. So sorry to hear that though."
"Don't you just hate when you are craving something to eat and then you go get it and end up DISAPPOINTED? Ugh....."
"@lauralalahh I'm so sorry!! I hope she's ok  xxx"
"I'm always a little sad to see followers I really like, decide to unfollow me."
"ARCHIE ANDREWS WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?! veronica?"
"Have hardly worked out in the last two weeks but am losing weight.  Fear I'm losing muscle!!  Just made doc. appt. for injured foot"
"I just saw a load of ambulances &amp; police cars &amp; a car smashed up with a roof lying in the road.  :&quot;(  that's 1 man dead 4 sure.    ."
"According to @momsrising, a quarter of families with children under six live in poverty."
"@jimmiefisher i'm having a hard time using hulu  have u heard of anyone having problems that uses windows vista?"
"@inoverflow I need to cancel my appt for 1 have to be home from1-5 for washing machine repair man can I do on the am? So sorry"
"@JeanetteBern Sorry JJ i missed that post  I'll make sure do so next time."
"half my class just called me retarded it hurt for real"
"Yay playing a show tonight! Boo it's gonna soggy and I'm at work right before playing"
"RIP Omar Edwards - Killed by friendly fire in NYC   http://bit.ly/jrM6v"
"i know im wrong .. just give me one more chance   sEnti .. :]"
"@aidadoll LMAAAOOOOO that is horrible. Poor thing"
"@DermotCarmody cheers mate, still getting over Wednesday  You ok? You should be, you are an incredibly wealthy man"
"hateeee history of rock!"
"hand hurts"
"Kinda bummed that I'm gonna miss @mrosenbaum711's return to BG. Now I'll never know what it's like to make love to @james_gunn."
"@handlewithcare Awww mate. that's such a shitter"
"@JamAndHoney and it never arrived. have to wait until Monday now"
"Ugh I'm so sleepy  I think I'm still kinda sick"
"Venus Williams is having a horrible day at the office"
"Wasabi is recovering from surgery  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6121231"
"Waiting for the sun to come back! School called, Joey has a sore throat  I WANT SUMMER!! ..off to make some lunch. LOVE TO ALLLLLLLLLLLLL!"
"Oh boy this is going to be a loooooong day"
"1 more goal, Gila!! But his last game is against milan. Dillematic 4 me"
"Guess I'll be running in a little bit. Accidentally fell asleep"
"@IconsRobg My Denny's shut down in the winter.  I have to do 50 miles to get to one now."
"So yeah, things aren't going so well for me. I'm getting to feel like I haven't felt in a long, long time."
"getting ready, waiting for cor, picking up josh, movies &amp; out to dinner - then trailer perhaps? baccck to work tomorrow"
"forgot my lunch and no one else is ordering stuff  boooooo!"
"Hmm... the new sports catalog and card jitsu updates are not appearing for me"
"Soo tired, couldn't get enough sleep"
"On the monday, so i wont be able to be with you!  i love you"
"Going home... with sore #eyes"
"@SheGotItSheBadd i've been up most of what normal ppl consider the night.  no problem going to sleep but nightmares been waking me up."
"the day i was planing on doing my work, i havent ...... i leave everything to the last minuet ..."
"one of the estate agents next door just caught me singing along to wham"
"@nickcres ive tried to, and nothing has worked. i dont think he's all that bothered *sigh*"
"@THE_WOCKEEZ i wish i can go. But i'm not in US"
"@chriss_yst so u are very burnt  sorry back or front burnt?"
"@AFCEAHelen If I end up working in DC, GMU is on my &quot;short list&quot; for Masters No. 2. Started Sys Eng program in the 90's; never finished."
"Trying to get some work done not too happy about work situation"
"Sitting on the decking reading psychology notes with my ipod and my dog. It's far too warm"
"@northernpest DID YOU GO? was it good, i was in center parcs  who else went!? xxxxxxx"
"UNC budget  cuts may rise to 18%   http://tinyurl.com/mdm5tp"
"I killed my dill plant again. Why does this happen with dill? It is doing great then suddenly it's dead. http://tinyurl.com/mlh4f5"
"Traded her iPod for my brother`s cellphone. My phone died, e"
"It's 82 degrees and gorgeous out.. And I'm stuck in the library because I have a midterm in 2 hours.. so lame!!"
"Sad to be leaving so soon"
"I feel like shit cause I couldnt sleep last night and went to sleep at 320 n bk up at 6  soooo tired!!!"
"@PochaccoYoly well, I took it in early '00, graduated in '01. we were the final stage guinea pigs  it seriously is a waste of time."
"fuck awake at 2 am !  i hate sickness"
"Pulled in all directions and not knowing where to go"
"Having real bad headache.."
"@KillzoneDotCom WHY?"
"Fuccin bacc hurts now. Just dragged the long blocc on a piece of wood. From the corner to in my garage."
"@JaneHungOz hope the presentation went well today?! tweet me if yr on campus tomorrow - I'll be around from lunch time onwards"
"@Running5k2day Oh no! Hope it's not as bad as it sounds!"
"Just found out my Abuelo in Aguadilla is not doing well"
"Trying to get this swimmer's ear to go away!!"
"Exams are kinda near. Just a week more. 2 Projects yet to be submitted  and almost failing in one of the subjects. May ALLAH save me"
"OMG IM IN SUCH A BAD MOOD 2DAY   wats ppl doin2nite?"
"last school day tomorrow! it was the funnest day ever. BUt also really sad  Righ ow I'm getting ready to go to Moab with Phil!!!"
"@ryan_price Oi, I ran into the problem too  not a good fix, but there's an app in utilities called &quot;Grab&quot; that works good enough..."
"@lamborghinibow u were doing good with the replys now u fallin off sad face"
"@conorp its so sad! i wish i could stay longer! It the last time ill see you tonight  better not wear my make up!"
"UGH! I have GOT TO STOP biting my nails  grrrrr"
"at the redi med. getting checked for strep throat."
"i'm soooo tired i have to study for all of my subjects ..... history is gonna be SO hard!!!! &gt;.&lt; help me!"
"@IamABoogs oh plzzzzz u never had time for me!!!"
"FML. I hate CSS SO BAD. I can't find an lj layout that has everything I want."
"in class sick and hungry"
"@RainbowAnne OMG what posts were deleted? So annoyed I can't go on forum at work!"
"i got a replacement phone and now all my text messages and call history are gone.  I am sad."
"@wowinsider no    I kind of miss my first main.   Male Tauren Shaman named Icewater stuck at 61.  Maybe I'll fetch him one day."
"@meinj Can't do tonight - could kill a pint though. Another day..."
"Decaf isn't cutting it right now.  ? http://blip.fm/~79g85"
"@PeterPolaco I'm guessing the belt thing is a no-go since I didn't hear back..Sorry  Stop by this weekend, we'll talk bout the ring, etc."
"weather is making me gloomy"
"lamentablemente paso  #jrztwitterlunch"
"it's so slow, and I want to go home already"
"i'm worried because something bad happened today and i don't know what's gonna happen next."
"45Th st pub anyone tonight? Dont want to be a lonely drunk tonight"
"is hurt and upset and trying to smile when i feel broken inside"
"The time is not my friend today"
"@MustBeBenHughes hahah! sadly there is no current activity though in the room"
"Went to get dog from vets, theyve stitched her ear, charged us for it but she still bleeds like a waterfall everytime she moves. D: WHY!"
"Just found out I have to leave my lovely flat!! And been waiting 2.5 hours for a plumber. Still no job news.  Not a good day"
"@BillyBush um, I think what I will miss the most is.. JAY LENO!!!!!!!!"
"Ive totally not got that job  i can just tell."
"why is it so fucking cold ??!"
"@MishDance i miss your dance friends too."
"@HelenGoytizolo kayla &amp; I went to go visit you but they wouldn't let us in school!"
"My hair dresser passed away yesterday from breast cancer  She was the greatest hair dresser I'd ever been to!"
"getting ready to go to IKEA. All alone cuz no one will go with me"
"@tommcfly I don't know what to write anymore! My mind must be tired. It's past midnight here already. Do a tour in the Philippines?"
"I do not feel good"
"Cat is anxiously watching wild turkeys in my back yard....I think they have their eyes on my bunny rabbit"
"@ME215 I know it's just a sprain. It's a repetitive injury for me."
"@geekgirl444 apparently so!  I'm falling apart in front of my eyes"
"such beautiful weather.. .why are u sick, baby ?  @ tanapolis"
"This Wired article should have mentioned R, but didn't  http://tr.im/mNON #rstats"
"@majcher I have been run down all week, going to bed around 8:30 each night because of my allergies. It is miserable."
".@petraeujane Too bad they never made it over here during the last ten years"
"@Oblivion I know! I miss her..."
"asks: did anyone possibly get a photo of me receiving my diploma? Dad's camera died right at that moment."
"Huffy is not having a good day night or life. Poor baby"
"Drunkduck misspelled &quot;Buinne&quot; for the announcement of the twenty-fifth page. I'm very sad."
"@africanewtonxx oh my god. i can't do the end of the dance  *sob*"
"Has been listening to 2 nine yr olds, murdering hannah montanna on disney sing it.. Bring on the headache tablets!!"
"@aftashok    i dont forget yall...i dont think im lowkey..i think i spend a lot of time on here actually..sometimes too much"
"I can't stop crying......I can't live like this."
"@yashved_2890 Nt able to follow anyone  friendorfollow.com here i come!!! #itsucks"
"@laylakayleigh i miss music on mtv!"
"I'm sad to have lost another person close to me to cancer"
"@jane_l I blame you for 1/2 price Fridays replacing Free Book Fridays. They don't want you doing #rrtheatre anymore."
"Back is SORE... should not have done that jump last night"
"@johannabee I hope it's something relatively minor and easy to heal. I can't stand it when the furbabies get sick."
"@MissMelody in my opinion one gray hair is one too many... I have way too many as well"
"Just got laid off  stupid economy!"
"@Mister_SEX I do!  I'll probably get fired if I do though"
"he killed everyone for nothing. :o  :-ss"
"@jenberesford So sorry to hear about your mom! that really sucks"
"@SuperGinge Inorite, humid as well"
"@mileycyrus I think i have same disorder, stay up al night 4 no reason n sleep al day !!  SUUUKS"
"can't wait to get his hands on his new blackberry, this one is dying on me"
"Searching apartments in Kaohsiung. Will go seeing the apartments on next Tuesday. Haven't found a good one with reasonable rent..."
"@IvanaE grrrrrrrrrrrrrr ive barely read any of it"
"Gone up to 8mm on my plug. Help, this is where I said I'd go maximum and I still want to stretch it more..."
"gosh im bored. its early..n i wanna go..to sleeeepp why am i at work?  *kay&lt;3*"
"no more twitter in a while   .. tweet tweet"
"@mommymbd nope anthony wrecked his car i have to help him get it running"
"Can't believe this Shit! I've spend 30 minutes for for a snickers ice cream... Seems like no one does then anymore!"
"@brewstermax true but if I don't put a case on it I'll break it in a week.  don't worry ill find a way to make it work."
"Will you guy's keep voting for her and ask u'r followers to help to. Only 4days left before competitions close."
"My throat is killing me"
"@_YoureMyHeroine :'( i really know how you feelin. i wish i could hug you"
"Roasting to most probably death"
"ger my foot is killing me and i miss my matthew"
"@violetph  Gods sake it isn't even your birthday yet  i need a cool job like that."
"It's too hot.  I don't like it."
"Ugh worried about my math test"
"I wish the weather would be slightly less rainy so I could use the hot tub."
"*meow* a week ago today @sevilla90 was here and we were road trippin"
"@Cinderell4 i don't like to see you like this...  there must be something to make you smile..."
"@dfarver76 Good BUT it's supposed to storm later"
"I want some sushi today"
"@CarmelaMarie I'm okay. Ima go to the park and play some ball. Not in the best of moods. Got stress to relieve."
"Had to take my bad ass dog to the pet hotel....so sad"
"chilling on the sofa, I hate vaccinations, I feel sooo ill"
"lost my game  by 3 POINTS!!!!!"
"just got back from my exam... im surely gonna fail...now trying 2 get tickets 4 il divo! someone doesnt want us 2b there!!!"
"I'm taking a twitter break. Cell is dying"
"my little booboo is sick"
"@dulcedementia   poor Stuart...    I was wondering where he was!  Moving day today!I expect a welcome cake or case neighbor .... hehehe"
"taking sad to a whole new level"
"i think my ipod is sick  it doesn't want to connect to any wi-fi . . ."
"I'm feeling nauseous."
"#ivealwayswantedtosay Sorry to his wife also for moonying her...she was a lovely lady and it was a dare...she did not deserve that!"
"not feelin 2 well  im not sick, jus feel like blah... (especially my stomach) anotha 7 hours 2 go, but workday is so far so good."
"@vivek1209    Whn r u goin to Europe?"
"Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades."
"Phooey!  They've planned CAMPING for my class reunion. I. Hate. Camping. ...and being the only single girl left from my graduating class."
"@AsMooNy ta3ally ma3ahaa w e83idy sa5neeha ly 6ool el 6ireee8  astaaahil wla :-p &lt;&lt;&lt; kfff looool wallah thx bard w 7ar ahm shy 8ahwaaa =|"
"@stacey79 that sucks - I'm still hungry and sucked down my food."
"i thought follow friday was about gaining new friends, not losing them."
"sunniest week for ages....and exams"
"I don't think the coffee at work agreed with my tummy"
"if officially done with high school....  so sad... i miss them already! movie later???"
"I know I'm already a week behind on FF. Will TRY to get one done today! Called into work 2hrs early due to problems so will be a busy day"
"@Renee3 Oh no!! I hope it's not bad"
"@kedge0417 is work next door sucking again"
"waiting to go to 4th period to get the final over with. omgg im sooo gonna fail"
"Anxious for my dance recital tonorrow at UP :/ Groove Central will be miiiiissed  Coach Mycs! Loveyouuuu!"
"*sad face* project-m keeps crashing my itunes"
"i look like crap right now  im very fucking moody to  *Shooting Star*"
"I need to get it together before Ricky gets home. He is not going to be pleased about me breaking up this damn bathroom"
"@MyNC I was wondering....   Have a GREAT weekend!"
"@Marianna26 hey mar! i miss you also ( yeah  but i gotta find a stupidstupid school ("
"@ahaulil I have a bird living with me.  So I have to find other ways to kill these damn things beside the exterminator.   #vegas it sucks"
"@Stubinho you said you fucked up your nose!"
"i'll do follow friday a little later on...i'm busy taking over this lady's job."
"So sorry if i've been typing wrongly. usually, after i've typed something, i wont read. i'll just press the 'enter' button"
"I'm really not feeling today...soooo much work to do and I have a soar throat  gosh"
"My teeth and my eye hurt   someone make them feel better"
"Chauncey is giving his last sac speech..."
"@Metal0520 I haven't talked to you since the last day of school!  that's no right."
"@jessnextdoor aww...  try to rest na lang muna... ^^"
"i am waaayyyy hungry!  oh fyi my work email is down again BLAH!"
"@backstreetboys  totally missed the chatroom. I'm so lame"
"@GoodGreenTea Its been a fun afternoon for me trying though....BBQ's out now though...feeling a bit sick"
"sinus headaches suck big time!"
"(@gbsinkers) Oh snap!  Just broke my windshield while replacing my wiper blades."
"Damn being broke on the day Guitar Hero Metallica comes out!  Boooooooo"
"how come when i straighten my hair it has to sprinkle"
"Dang i didnt even remember it was my bday today"
"@AlfieJG I don't think I am, my sisters refusn to get me a ticket now.  what you doing next week?"
"I can't eat a hot pocket anymore without thinking about Jim Gaffigan"
"How would we get thousand battlegrounds  #battleground, I mean we don't even know how could we reach which number to make it trending tpc"
"Truly sad... My cheap little camcorder just shot craps....."
"I hate only having 1gb ram to use as host and 1gb for Virtual Machine  Sucks so much"
"Why are you hiding behind the clouds mr. Sun"
"GOD SCHOOL IS GOING TO SUCK ASS NEXT YEAR!"
"6:29 pm - ok, let's go now through #bowman #strategicClock but first.. a break :-0 aargh.. tired"
"@RachellT342 ugh... I know the economy is depressing..."
"@herecomesdomzi and what about me, huh? I'm crying. Did U forget me?"
"Thinks my &quot;not girlfriend&quot; needs to not be a douchebag right now...  i'm not in the mood to feel neglected"
"has spent the last two weeks attempting to grow a beard (from scratch), but fears it may look a bit rubbish...  http://twitpic.com/66tyb"
"@CursedChimera; Re: Home - that's exactly what I meant... home in D-town. ;) Also, re: computer... uh... I brokt it..."
"@TylerAlyse SAC won't offer fundamentals of math 2 for teachers in summer one  booo. I miss SAC!"
"@JekNexus Oooommmmggg, you probs will, too busy to slay properly for a while  Hopefully I'll stay ahead doing 1 task a week!"
"@KevynPM Ian and I are going to a matinee tomorrow, or that's the plan at least...it's going to be too expensive for 3d at night"
"My dog is suffering from abandonment issues. She thinks I'm moving without her."
"Tum is very unhappy this morning (&amp; it's definitely not a hangover, either). I'd call in sick to work except Heidi needs a ride home."
"Bus stuck in traffic; gonna be late"
"feeling better, still coughing. : / not moving on yet. its impossible."
"I swear, now my dog is having anxiety issues."
"I burnt my finger on the toaster"
"http://twitpic.com/66u67 after the shot calmin down!"
"I did.'t Get tht."
"@_Tanyya :O  awww leave off, shes ace! Shes one of my fav actresses!"
"sickkk, it's been two days since summer started and it suck already!"
"Ever been to a restaurant with over 200 items on the menu?  Lunch decision shouldn't be this hard"
"@jenmussari my internet in like 9th grade was so fast, its dieing out"
"@diamondhead94 oh the noon? I don't know if I can make that one...I only get 30 min for lunch"
"@denise_richards sorry to be the bearer of bad news."
"Walking the puppies downtown. Also, mystery of missing cat solved: he  locked himself in basement for nearly two days."
"@tommcfly I'm starting to get really dizzy. Do a tour in the Philippines?  So we'd feel the bliss of knowing our efforts were worth it!"
"im so stressed out.  will anything get any better *sigh*"
"#3wordsaftersex  Ow, rug burns"
"Is getting upset at work cus bindz and j are being bullies  and they won't let me go duty free shopping!"
"omg. .please jonas brothers add an extra date in dublin in november! i tried 2 get tickets but dey were sold out."
"@rammohanr Yea...looks like it is...sorry abt nt gettin in touch..was hectic"
"I think at this rate.. Ill be in class until 4... Sigh."
"@THEBFOUNDATION NOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!! why in july? im gonna be back home  NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!"
"@belfair_rocks I WISH he could fix this dang thing!!!"
"So cold in here!  getting the chill"
"it makes me sad when people phones are sick"
"@kayleeperry look at what i said to....someone. actually dont. no, do it. dont. yes. no.yes. no. UGH i dont know."
"@fish134 miss you"
"why do I always wake up ONE minute before my alarm is scheduled to go off??"
"Okay so I'm dedicating my 300th tweet to the fact that I'm going to the Apple store because there is a HUGE crack on the glass screen!"
"@michaelmphysics YES. i am thinking of staying in the office until it's slightly less RIDICULOUSLY HOT"
"ive burned like a ginger kid in the sun. now my arms are red"
"Happy Birthday to meeeee!! Excited to go out tonight, but I'm gonna miss my girl"
"my twitter says it needs a break  i'll be back in a bit (capacity??)"
"back to work tomoo  day 1 of 5 it will bee."
"Feeling so low and depressed that I'm not on holiday"
"@IzzyJ_Is_Here haha yeah i hate seeing him in pain so i do what I can.. and I send hugs to you too, hun! I hate seeing that youre unhappy"
"@lets_eat_out"
"@redhalo_pax Oh man... I'm so sorry to hear that. I hope everything works out"
"going to check and make sure no more fishies are dead. poor fishies"
"@Jayde_Nicole I have to close my eyes when I watch it"
"not eating lunch with my wife like I wanted to"
"@marcdavies That sucks man  I hope you have a problem-free weekend."
"I am doing the  FF wrong!"
"I'm not ready for my baby to be 3 tomorrow  she is growing so fast...."
"Not looking forward to this long trip in the morning. I'm sick"
"I just saw 22nd of June and it make me think of Jenny  I miss her so much  ..."
"@jamie_oliver ohhhhh i was busy and didn't see this again..."
"@AmyMonzon LOL freakinggg I worse a lookse shirt and shorts and sandals and it looks like its gonna rain outside  boo yahoo wearther"
"@michellej They don't let the queer boys donate blood."
"@jeremy6d ditching out again?  you will be missed. I wish my ruby boys would represent."
"wants to set up a coffee shop, but he has no money to do it"
"tweeting from ally court for the last time.... its a sad sad moment"
"@CcoK99 I cant take any chances on them being sold out, when they were in ATX  I waited to long."
"@gjo26 why am I weird?"
"Just came back from watching Terminator Salvation @ Cathay. It's so-so only, not so much action  but I feel sorry for Marcus though."
"scratchy scratchy throat. warm fluids needed"
"fact is i am a bad cook, those ships weren't cooked, and neither is this chicken"
"At work but punchy due to two early morning pager events."
"I saw the sun..... but then I blink and it was gone"
"@laurenvdw ahh when i was there it was closed"
"My cankle is sore."
"About to take meds I take that percentage back... feeling worse"
"'s throat is killing her... and she's whining, great."
"editting crap on here in school is a drag. i give up lol ill do it at home. i wanna go home T-T my vida is so boring right now"
"@theHUBnyc there is no sale in Botega..."
"the neighborhood gas station is gone, kaput, out of business. No more convenient trips for ice or whatevs. over 3 miles now to travel.."
"@purpleshoe Ahh! normally I would jump at that but i'm manning the office solo today"
"Last day I'm LA. I am so so sad"
"Going home  but when i get home , BLACK BERRY ! WOO HOO  . . . and get to see presten ! &lt;3"
"getting my hair cut todayyyy! i'm nerrrvous"
"@FunkeyGurlNo1 I'm going to work.... bummer"
"http://twitpic.com/66uor - went on a really long cycle ride with my mum, brothers and my BFF Han today. My bum aches now!!"
"Feels very ucky today... I need more DEFENSE Vitamin Water because I don't want to be sick no mores"
"Ugh I can't breathe right today"
"On my way to Ft. Knox   http://myloc.me/1Zyg"
"wow the last hour of twittering that I've been doing has yet to be sent over to twitter..  guys bare w me..."
"Is asking that everyone please join me in praying for my mom she just got home from the ER and has to go see a heart doctor"
"@MerewichDaBitch I've been unlocked for decades now...just not lucky, never have been.  Gottta make my own luck and that involves $$$$$"
"@courtney_mejer I couldn't remember what all the different cords meant. I lost half of them leaving the graduation anyway."
"@jp1983 You burned yourself too??? So did @ericpratum! ohh no...  xoxo"
"@kate38381849 ouuhh dont cry  i feel so sad right now"
"@WeTheTRAVIS  I was meant to be seeing you lot tonight but tix ran out!!"
"Back at the vet and it isn't good"
"everyone's abandoning the office... I still have 5 hours to go"
"@heltershelter we are in line now waiting..if only he knew!!"
"So, ~200 people all on the same Wi-Fi and cell hubs here at @Hardwear means we're kinda off the grid. Each tweet takes like 5 minutes."
"Well poop.  Looks like the office doesn't have the keys.  I don't have the keys.  Neighbors don't have the keys.   Bike rides from now on."
"@WedSpace now I know why it didn't work, just not too keen on paying though for a 2ndary social network"
"just contributed to economic stimulus at Wal Mart - un expected tire replacements"
"@AutismInsights laundry instead of sitting here. that darn laundry keeps mocking me."
"I'm so lost without my laptop. And no break again for me today. Made even worse that the 2 big bosses of skipton showed up today"
"Math is amazing and hell at the same time  socialily that is the naiv part is fine."
"@thomasfiss we miss you"
"I think a cat is trapped in my back garden but cant find it. Hopefully its in someone elses garden, dont fancy finding a poorly cat"
"I don't have enough close contacts on twitter to do follow friday  #followfriday"
"@vanessathomas ugh some stupid teenagers just showed up. My peaceful time is over"
"@cfieds  i'm sorry to hear that"
"Panera is not being nice to my iPhone"
"@bungandy easy for you to say. you walk away first.  I'm sorry but I'm not ready yet. I haven't finish caring for you."
"@blkademic what's the matter?"
"I am craving Burrito Boys - Large halibut, with everything on it, no jalepenos, 1 line hot sauce. Can anybody hook me up?"
"OK guess I need to do actual work now.  How long until 5 pm? Oh no. I may have to ditch early."
"i miss her ..... i hope she comes back"
"@cazzac i hope he is ok too. i miss him  and the doc better not be a douchenozzle, ill be one right back!"
"Wow, mosquitoes in the backyard suck.  So does coughing myself half to death in the middle of the night and keeping Cassidy awake too."
"@l0RENElAiNE I'm not goin have a way out there til b.dix gets off  but we swimming tomorrow !"
"gonna have to eat something, I feel so horrid.  I need a hug!"
"My back hurts and I'm meant to be going out tonight, poor the Rik"
"Waiting for nearly an hour at the bank"
"@hjn119 you can crash, you will just have to drive alone  Besides... I can't crash, I gotta work! LOL ;)"
"@geekandahalf I'm not donating sweetie, I was at the doctor."
"snotty nose  poorly chest! this is not good!"
"@AFtheAWESOMEone what's wrong?"
"@LisaTalkingTots Oh my goodness!  How AWFUL"
"@osbug I keep trying but no, I didn't win  Had the right answer though! Trick question!"
"@19christopher92 WHAT'S UP MY HOMIEEEEEEEEEEE ???? I MISS YOU LIVE LAST NIGHT  I HOPE YOUR ON TONIGHT . I WILL HIT YOU UP CUTIE"
"@fightingfatigue Got any tips for a mum of a 14 yr old with CFS who can't sleep at night. He falls asleep about 4a.m. till midday or so"
"waiting for @nickyjames to wake up...... hazin a sad"
"is gutted she isnt going out tonight"
"Momz rubz it in tht im NOT goin to the musiq soulchild contest. How RUDE!"
"so much to do by 1 pm. i don't think i'm going to get it all done"
"So its my bday weekend and shit is already headed south...might have to drive to atl tonight"
"With E3 coming up the worst possible thing happened. No not swine flu! not AIDS! RROD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"God, I HATE scary movies. They are not at all. I'm such a wimpy."
"starting PN lean coaching next week. can't wait, I'm about 5% compliant right now   #PNLC"
"Worried for my cousin and her son"
"I wish I could buy blink 182 presale tickets, but I totally don't have the money right now. Guess I have to wait for general admission..."
"@TNAaddicted Damn"
"@bbraden08 aww me sry  that was me yesterday ...."
"Omg my head still hurts, i need to get my comics today so i got to hurry  lol"
"Staging consult ltr 2day in beautiful town of Dundas. X Files filmed episode there once. Think I'll run in2 David Duchovny? Probably not"
"@HLJx lol thanks!there scary to wear though"
"@inyourvan Well I guess the McCafe=tastes like shit cured ur craving? You get the McSkillet? Me Wants"
"Haavent read the paper yet about the magic loss nor did i get to watch the game last night.... But i do know that we lost"
"i feel sick after that oreo and cheesecake milkskake  lol"
"I haven't logged onto Minto.com in like 3 months and what I saw upset me  Gotta do better!"
"@clinton_kelly Bummed about the maxi dresses!  I think they're so cute for summer but I'm only 5'4&quot;!"
"@Selly06 that is never good especially on a friday night"
"@sbenzur haha! sorry to hear that"
"ned to go to beathroom, don't know if i can reach/find clothes. need to walk outsie to get to bathroom. ok at night, not ok in daylight."
"Sunburn ouch"
"@thepartyChase u just got me real excited cause i thought teniece was on twitter..."
"Hows that possible? No rain forecast for Pinkpop? And I have no ticket"
"@tabfam Oh god, that's terrible."
"@WFUJerseyJon Curses. Bad timing.  We'll make it happen soon, though."
"so not in the mood to go to work, but i guess it's gotta be done"
"@pcon34 I have a lot of Hell Yeah, and Rebel Meets Rebel (DAC + Pantera) and like 10 Pantera songs, I can't find my Cowboys From Hell cd"
"@jasonsechrest pups I would LOVE to..BUTT I will be saving lives Saturday night  although I know I am missing a BLAST"
"@gpgirl Nah, could use a hug or three, but even that option is 2,000 miles away!"
"@MerewichDaBitch that's at least a band-aid, that PA follows me...makes me feel less left out of the loop"
"Wishing the rain would stay away for a while so that I can go to the pool"
"is it too late to jump on a plane to Richmond, VA and go to the Conditions concert?! ...i think that's a yes  boo my life. and ohio."
"It looks as though I am sick little friends"
"http://twitpic.com/66vdn - I miss my babyyy"
"WORKK! yay"
"hates not being able to see his monitor. I have about 25 minutes before the sun is not blinding me"
"@larrygadea  but I'm sure you'll find a new set of challenges at twitter. Best of luck."
"@KarenAlloy I cried like a baby when we had to put our cat down 2 years ago...  For tears of happiness watch this http://bit.ly/qLwbe"
"@serena_eliza ohhhh that makes sense then. 8D and i need to reread the lotr trilogy, i lost the three books a long time ago and i'm sad."
"@farafaizul cost of living also very cheap, but no social life, that's what i'm scared of. Being boring and having a dull life."
"Very bummed I can't go to the @shiftworkspace open house today.   DD and I woke up with a stomach bug.  Blech.  Y'all have fun!"
"I don't want to lose my wisdom teeth, they make me wise. I will soon be without a trace of wisdom"
"Is trying to buy a new bible...but they just aren't the same...why did my dogs have to chew it up?"
"Victor drew Hannah Montanna in my yearbook.hahaha. I'm going to miss my 2nd per SO much"
"Suddenly sick with the flu and quite sad about it"
"I'm glad I don't have class on Fridays. I need the break! Algebra test on Wednesday"
"spent the whole day editing in Pro Tools...i luvvv this thing and am becoming quite the pro, but it gives me insane headaches."
"@itsgabbith oh no!  thats no good! I pierced  my bottom lip on the right side...myself in 12th grade, but we had a no piercings dress code"
"@DrRonVonDoom @derrickjdavis it might be the swine flu! haha 'cause i've got the flu"
"So sad...  John Cryer's ex-wife Sarah Trigger  charged with abusing their son. He had rope marks around his neck   http://digg.com/u14MCf"
"This poor butterfly was dead  http://twitpic.com/66vlw"
"This is a joke surely? http://prune.it/WEAt"
"Am i the only one experiencing problems logging into digital point forums ???"
"@NeyomFriday I'm here!... Jdubb is @ his funky job...I guess.. We're neglected"
"#BSNL, Stupid net went down.. Been without email for a whole day"
"@murphyusa why aren't you following me you bastard?! you're my own brother..."
"@Extrange I'm totally impressed!  I could only wish to be an otaku!  Instead...I just get horrible nosebleeds when I see bishonen"
"@Kel_Kel_17 ehh carnt stand hot weather"
"Ugh feeling sick to my stomach and I have five more hours of work to go"
"@AugustGrrl oh no! Whats up chuck?"
"Hour fifteen drive. Just left, bored and ate half my food already"
"50 is sooo much better than 65  my biology score's so bad."
"@JoJolike i tried phoning you"
"Up and moving... my dad home when he should be working.. im due to work at 12"
"My invisibleSHIELD has gone a yellow pissy colour! Don't look good!"
"No twang photopass for tonite"
"Memorizing the first 18 lines of the General Prologue of The Canterbury Tales. Ughhh."
"Big Header Folio (http://bit.ly/MYmeA  has been up 2 hours, no sales yet  I'm really impatient lol"
"@YarnThing oh Marly, I'm so sorry!!  I hope you find her soon!! &lt;3 &lt;3"
"someone broke into my car big time = having a really bad day"
"@tommcfly Have you guys heard about the flu that's been going around? Swine Flu? Hope you guys are safe  There've been deaths already. :-S"
"Pressly Anne Hamm misses her mommy while she is in Texas  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6480360"
"I can't believe I thought I had a morning shift today and told Alex that I could take him to the airport.  His flight is during my shift!"
"Shit my neighbors dog just died.. it was hit by a damn car.. feeling really sad"
"@Vasilicious Did you get your free chocolate?!? I still haven't gotten my email."
"How did I manage to schedule all my bills to eat my money all at the same time?  EVE, rent and phone are all within a couple days -.-"
"Alcohol makes me tired. And I miss and want him so much. It hurts"
"ok...so i'm Twittin from my computer...its gonna be bad when i get on my phone.. cause ima be lost like shit"
"I REALLY wish I was spoiled!"
"Rest in peace Sheeba. You will be very missed. I'm off to go cry now."
"today is going to be a long day"
"Momma martini went food shopping without me!!!!"
"My whole body back pain treatment and detox starts Monday. Not looking forward to a summer of hot yoga and healthy food."
"I dont think my twitpic is working"
"Just updated my To-Do List (notepad, need something else?) with Flickr and downloads. Internet being slow and sluggish"
"Gotta drop off some car parts for a buddy to press out, then to the dentist!    http://yfrog.com/0a7v3j"
"Hmmm I am very stuck, I have uploaded a picture but it doesn't show up :S I urgently need serious Twitter help  lol"
"@DarkAeon Alas, the best I can offer is a small pony and a rowing boat"
"i lost my nintendogs, it's very upsetting."
"Has a bad headache"
"@Jeefthepirate @thedeadknight I know it's sad. But back in 05 the auto industry didn't understand that iPhones would change our lives"
"i have three hours to do my hair. and it STILL won't be straight"
"@hepcatrayo  so sorry, I just found the members preview has been sold out for awhile. It opens at Noon to the general public"
"exhausted and sick... my face is greenish"
"does not feel like babysitting. i want to go to the gym. weird, i know. i miss zack"
"I hope amy is okai"
"i am so stressed and sad about pugsly missing. i hope hes okay. i am stuck at otrip and cant look for him  someone post his pic on FB 4 me"
"@MBLeah Unfortunately, no."
"@Jojosvoice Bro. Martin!! I need you to repent!! Pam said we were going to get to meet you last wknd..."
"@AbeerAK woooooow I wanna join the maseera, but on bed rest can't drive  R thy going crazy or its the boring type?"
"Bleargh. I can never clean as much of my house as I want to before work, no matter how early I wake up. Today: sink, laundry."
"well paisley has one of those cone things around her head...SO funny but I feel bad for her"
"@top5jamaica yeah man, they brought it back on the market a couple years ago...it scarce through"
"@MissJo_Jo I took pics but I cant find my camera chord to upload them  my cell phone doesnt do justice. It feels like nothings on"
"@unaffected @warpdesign @cianan @mikedelgado Byebye web buddies  The cubes look so sad... SRoach I had no idea you are BigToach."
"@archetypo no kidding, the trends are pretty much useless now. Too bad"
"yeaaaahh lunch but no food/money"
"heading out to the park with the kids - hope it does not rain -looking cloudy?"
"Getting a cleaning on tues then getting a tooth pulled on thurs. Then gotta schedule a bridge that might need a root canal--ugh."
"@Draconator its brokey"
"sad today...neighbour taking down beautiful willow tree"
"@bmerten85 @anthonycolaneri Pool party? Why wasn't I informed????"
"@fashionish OOuUch!...good luck"
"@mamapennington im the only one in the office! and I jammed the copier"
"@lauryqui  we're gonna miss you. dont worry, there will be more for sure!"
"I though the clothes of AW0910 Collection from +9 designers will be there, together with the visual arts, but it is not"
"@mustntgrumble ha!The potential is there but so is the loss of fingers, think you can get the PO to do it? At a charge and not full proof"
"has now found a bug in the RHEL5 bnx2 driver   Cant handle high packets per second (&gt; 50k)"
"#followfriday @RoRuby although she doesnt consider me a sweetheart to"
"@stuartnewman So sorry  Definitely getting it out this weekend."
"Again, No P.F. Changs for lunch    Booooo"
"@evlover0327 ...I will take some...I am tiny"
"@Jadeyyg  haa I'm so exciteddd woooo"
"@ireallydohate I had to look at it 3 times before it sunk in, totally shocked by it  tbh."
"sore from ultimate... trying to figure out how to pay for school next semester..."
"missing loverboy so much"
"Quick answer, when do I put the bleach in the wash?? In the start or middle..  don't laugh @ me.."
"@JetGirlArt same as I... to bad I'm a programmer only in this company"
"@Peapods ooow those look painful, poor bb"
"time to get to work. i'm already starting the day off bad. missed the UP screening  this morning at the el capitan"
"So i have done absolutely NOTHING all day today...how pitiful is that...smdh...guess I cant go out 2nite, I gotta work  booo @me"
"Nooo i wanna watch the comet  dont wanna go workk!!!"
"Bar exam madness:  topic for today is torts"
"Around 3 hours left until a 3 day weekend and I have waaaay too much work to do."
"@randiohdesigns Didn't think of that.  Why can't people just be nice? Why would anyone think it's ok to say that, much less make a movie."
"I want to party down!"
"Awwww ur already gone"
"@Lidybeth inooo arent they just  i wanna just go down there now an meet kyle again.. im too obsessed its not fair!"
"@enave22 Hey! You have a bunch of events on facebook that jenny and i aren't invited to...  we're sad"
"@HeadHardHat I'm so sorry to hear your bad news.  I will send happy thoughts your way that you find a new job very soon!"
"am but mom...  because my princess got pneumonia...."
"@LegendaryWriter Good!! Busy as heck but good. Feeling yucky at the moment."
"i don't wanna work over the weekend"
"@tronella Cool! I have one (from a decluttering friend), but I don't know how to play"
"everybody is sick"
"@ajlnike09 omg wtf why is there a porn site following me?!"
"@JAKAZiD I made the mistake of NOT avoiding the latest Bonkers. I think my image of the series is tainted upon repair. AATW ruined it"
"At the dentist. I liked it better when the dentist is the client. Now I'm the patient.  http://www.DamienSmithPhotography.com"
"I should've known something would go wrong. The van is having problems. Oh please tell me it will not cost us an arm and a leg"
"@BrinnaBarlow try being my height in small cars  not much fun specially on bumbpy country roads! haha"
"@blumchen OH MAN I WOULD BUT I'M FRESH OUT"
"is saddened by Husker Access...no internet!"
"@feliciaodg argh, sorry, he's just been a thorn in my side since we got him. rude, mouthy, etc."
"i just saw a bird slowly die right next to me"
"i just fell going into my house.. not fun"
"talking to dii and missing her terribly..."
"@Ms_Eclectic but then you leave"
"Sad that everyone is leaving me."
"isnt very happy about the fact that her back is hurting today"
"@ayawan that's such a long time from now"
"@shizly does that mean your going to block me?"
"Gotta wait till wednesday for my new guitar to be delivered"
"@alsotop /drool. I still need to 100% the first one"
"Ichigo has been good at Ping&amp;pooping outside but not used to the fact he doesn't have his sister  lonely puppy"
"Im only failing 1 class.... Algebra 2 damn it that shit is hard!"
"I'm very sorry for the little disturbance at #SAPInsidetrack in Palo Alto! Just went into a debugging session when lines unmuted"
"y do i only have 2 people following me  people follow me please x"
"@ArnaudJacobs i'm still such a newbie, but i dont know what i would do without twitter!!"
"@anntorrence @jeremyhall Does anyone update the photowalkingutah google calendar with photowalks?  Looks like I've missed a few"
"Ahhh My Satz blend didn't save"
"Loaded up box of recyle stuff for Salvation Army,but took  corner too fast..everything is all over the back.Might have to recycle to dump"
"Yay, my train is late... It starts here but it's 15 mins late arriving from London in the first place"
"@jonhatesyou aw my dear i'm sorry"
"i feel like dyeing right now..."
"SYTYCD:  I wished they kept the 17 y.o. kid...  he would have been good eye candy on the show, and he was really good...  can't wait..."
"Sitting on the bed NOT wanting to go to work"
"my twitter looks funny  someone help!"
"ugh. trying to respond to all of the emails/voicemails/facebook messages that I missed while out of town. this could be a while"
"Then I ruined a perfectly delicious green smoothie by throwing in the last of a bag of frozen strawberries.  Freezer burn.. yum..."
"needs to wash her cats. Uncool."
"damn you rhinitis! boohooo my poor nose"
"@LifeCoach2Women  i wasn't able to go the conference.so I didn't get the outline.. however I have been doing my own &amp; it's coming along."
"@SteveAgl not for me"
"My computer is broken"
"@jgreco4 Outlook not so good"
"Just discovered a painful sunburn on my right sholder  hopefully it just turns into a tan!"
"@kakoivisto checked with the hubster and I think we'll pass -- feeling too lazy to caravan after running around with our friends."
"so instead of laying out in this 90 degrees i've gotta give 32 fourth graders miso/rice/sushi/mochi in an hour  fml"
"doesnt want exams next week"
"Damn, looks like the USB card reader that I got from Dealextreme doesn't work. I can see the files on the card but they are read only"
"is there a program that tells you when someone stops following you or who started following you? Lost one last night and I've only got 85"
"Really disappointed I can't make it to bloomington for @sproutbox launch party tonight  if you're around you should check it out"
"@lauraEchilds u really dont right now! i am as sick as a newt in a freezer! its aweful  x"
"gotta shower then go apply for more jobs  hopefully no creepy old men will be working again today *shudder*"
"My dog Roscoe died yestarday and I'm so sad"
"@vargas7 that sucks!!"
"@JonathanRKnight Good morning! Aww, sorry that you were stuck in the airport for 12 hours!!"
"Crazy debt issue. Maybe I had messed up when closing my old account? Not really sure but looks like I may have to cover it - aaargh..."
"Ugh, I'm definitely going to be sick. It's coming and it's going to suck."
"Bringing my kitty to the vet tomorrow, I think she's got a tapeworm."
"is sitting in the marshall center w/Mina. Some1 must really not want me to go to the gym..this time i lost my wallet n w/no ID i cant go"
"@StoryShtick Ugh.  Now my ears are having phantom pains."
"@viveknshah kandivali  @100rabh my girls r gonna kill u for that answer! @shaaqt @limeice @unitechy @spitphyre"
"Doctors with mommy."
"Going to the courthouse to pay for tags &amp; taxes on all our cars...this is gonna be expensive."
"Now Im in the work  , I miss my home, any news?"
"@iamdiddy I do!!!!!.... I'm single and it sucks!!"
"http://twitpic.com/66xjl - An hour in the sun turned me into a blancmange. Sucks to be pale"
"@sos100 internet billing with fee of 30% and only in 13 countries and a setup cost of 5000 for usa alone"
"is going to shul"
"@chasejustin i can't go tonight   *Cait*"
"I've been reading up on Sims 3 genetics on the Sims 2 forums. Apparently hair dye is passed on to offspring. I'm very disappointed"
"@lilyginny27 @tomfelton no freakin way!  Gah LG... I'm sad for you.  No love for the feltbeats admin..."
"omg, my right hear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?   not gonna lie, i'm so scared"
"@swopusa  Damn, I was hoping that was somewhere in the U.S."
"Chemistry is not fun.."
"Missing brandon. Wanting to talk to anthony. Sadshoes"
"@JillzWorth i rarely sleep.. cant help it   hehe"
"@iamdiddy I need a hug... Gotta find another place to live and a new job"
"The poor Pirate had out his last wisdom tooth and is looking really peaky."
"@iamdiddy me because I might not have enough money for college!!!"
"@iamdiddy yes I do! Because he is going to the marines to protect &amp; serve and leaving me!"
"Now I have a sunburn"
"@the_breannarose fuuuuuuck  idk if andy can get youuuu"
"@adbert @DougOntrack @organicsue Is it me (my machine)? or... Vids freeze up, halt whole blip stream  ? http://blip.fm/~79l0q"
"@shanajaca *huggles* I don't see all the replies right away, and my boss is hovering today. And I'm feeling pissy about life"
"im @ the eye doctors &amp; had to bring trinity with me cause my mom fell down the stairs today &amp; broke her toe. ugh"
"@princessxansley oh and i dont know how to get twatter mobile to work."
"@AboutK damn - doesn't show how people are more conservative in blackjack"
"My convo starts in 12 hours... and I am sitting 6500Km away writing GIS queries"
"i finished packing and sorting out old clothes XD i have stomache ache though"
"ITS RAINING ITS POURING.............where is my spooning  buddy"
"@shardaeAngelica yeah and in the tatami room!  kids + tatami dont mix"
"@twaysive hm, this not a good medium for much more then yes/no  I am responding to previous posts,days ago, &amp; other conversations we had"
"@insidebooks Ooh, jealous. I just have yoghurt and some carrots."
"Why can't I make a phone call! I hate this anxiety crap. Someone cure me"
"@craigandera I got my copy yesterday, too, although right now I'm digging into Scala, so can't read it just yet..."
"@lorenarojas But it is our reality  , we must survive. What doesn't kills, makes stronger. PA'LANTE LORE !"
"Oh... I miss the Piano."
"@N3H4 thats maddd ass bullshit dammit i feel baddd boooo powerpoint piece of shitttt"
"@fansitesnetwork i love you &lt;3  host me lmao"
"@iamdiddy I need a hug cuz these garbage truck men keep driving next to me whistling and Im working too hard 2 graduate..."
"got up at 8 today, and also misses his friend @danceashleylove"
"I hate going online and looking at the balance in the bank.  its always a lot lower than I need it to be."
"@iamdiddy I need a hug because our pitching has been lackluster, our shortstops can't field &amp; Big Papi can't get above the Mendoza line."
"headache"
"none of my friends is on this"
"hurt my left knee somehow last night, hurts to walk"
"Why are money problems so bad these days"
"This wind is crampin' my style. I have a section of my yard that won't get any water. I'd move the sprinkler, but it's surrounded by mud."
"There  was just a horrific fight at my school  glad everyone is ok and that it's Friday."
"@southern_storm lucky! I'm still working for another 4 hours!"
"@divarina21 hello beautiful. how's mariahs baby? jackie still isn't talkin to me. i called her n left her a message the other day."
"Sad that david is leaving tomoro. for a week."
"has heart burn"
"gprof problem on Mac  why ??"
"@Nicsey wassup m8 ... bad day not good"
"The computer is being really slow, especially on typing!"
"@jmliss Link didn't work"
"it might be sunny today, but alas, new product must make it to Etsy!"
"whooaaa. just got an overwheolming itus attack after eating"
"@RedPumpProj i would direct message you regarding blogging while brown, but a sista hasn't mastered that technique yet  ..lol"
"@alwaysafton I had an interruption in service on my phone, so I missed everything on Tuesday morning."
"Bit devastated that I lost my entire documents folder on my home computer."
"At the dr office for abbie's second round of shots..."
"@winkphotography great to finally meet you last night! Wish we had more time to talk. Can't go to the coffee GTGs, though... Day job."
"omg, my right ear is blocked and it's so annoying. what if i wake up deaf?  not gonna lie, i'm so scared"
"webcam still wont work  evil stuffs."
"@PandaMayhem my kid is sick too tho..i can't do it by myself.  i can't go there by myself like a crazy stalker"
"@iamdiddy I need a hug  I'm doing my junior cert this week and I'm totally stressed out :'("
"@cheesygiraffe aww. I hope you feel better soon."
"@mmitchelldaviss It saddens me, you're youtube has changed. It's just like every other youtube kid, you used to be different"
"Feels rather lonely on here! I have no followers"
"Twenty20 cricket, beer and sunshine very good. Well apart from the beer cause i'm on tablets!"
"@iamdiddy including myself... guess umma be partying alone yet again...lol.."
"honestly cant wait for wednesdays chemistry exam to be over - getting to me real bad"
"my internet service has been acting strange after the earthquake. Just found out that the submarine fiber optics cable got damaged"
"I would do a #FollowFriday, but everyone on my list is already on everyone elses list so what's the point?  I'm just not popular enough."
"i really need a skateboard  ........"
"@charlimillions where r u i? Am wearing a black polkadot dress n green cardigan i cant find u"
"Are you going to hate being around my baby?"
"@J1S2004 Ubertwitter is still giving me an error msg.. Smh... Sucks"
"@thegoodhuman Sorry to hear, wish there were words to make it better you"
"@davegiumara yeah the weather ruined my plans too  i was gonna beach it up as well"
"Did you guys figure out Saturday? I really wanted to go but my mom is sick so I have to take her to the hospital in Tampa"
"@iamdiddy my hubby.  promised job promotion so we didn't move, signed a new lease n they withdrew the promotion..."
"@iamdiddy  My dog Nemo cause he wimpers every morning when I leave"
"@_Enigma__ did you even listen to the blip i sent you"
"Saw a black snake in the garden.  Went back for a picture and it was gone"
"Having trouble syncing my iphone to my work exchange email  help!!!!"
"Sunburn on my knees"
"@AFMikey413 that sigh doesn't sound happy."
"is sadly going to have to cancel my Chicago trip next week."
"In the mood for shrimp scampi but I don't have vermouth."
"Today is not going to be relaxing like I hoped."
"in media still havnet found ipod"
"They just layed off 23 teachers in the city near me  I wonder if I should be thinking about not going into that jobfield..."
"http://twitpic.com/66ydb - @jenleighbarry I made sure you got credit at the end of the book...I'm sure I forgot people though."
"on the phone with Arvest, the girl on the phone is breathing into the mic on the phone... not sound as good as Darth Vader..."
"I never order chips any more due to how unhealthy they are, but getting a burrito from Chipotle or Qdoba doesn't feel right without em"
"i totally need to go to the doctor for my arm...this bitch is STILL hurtin like hell      i shall return"
"feel like shit.....and will continue to for as long as it takes"
"is suffering from hayfever, is drowsy from too much Piriton, and is heading to bed with the air purifier on"
"@Sirvashawn let me know how it goes I'm praying. Ummmph. I still can't believe it."
"@travisroberts What would you know about packing? You're making poor Lauren do it all."
"going to a funeral"
"Worried sick now about my granddaughter. She's at Hasbro possibly needing to have her shunt revised which means another surgery."
"@djjezzie  how very rude fof them, you poor girl i hope you recovered from that  awful site"
"Ruby Luster can't make it to NYC for our performance"
"My last day with my favorite teacher.....im quite sad"
"http://twitpic.com/66yb9 Ozzy back from the vet. Not feeling well. He looks so sad.    Possible UTI. Results tomorrow."
"zoita had a cardio apt. 2day. doc says her hole-in-the-heart hasn't closed. she'll need the surgery to close it http://ghurm.tumblr.com"
"@LucyMeez   I tried that pincode... and it says it is expired... you only just put it up."
"Rough start to my day.  Taking this one off from DON so as not to spread my bad vibes. Hope you all have a great weekend! I'm outty."
"is hungry, but can't leave for lunch"
"Have @ Irma Vep rehearsals. No...not really."
"Ouch!!... Stomachace.... I ate a lot..."
"Gah. I think I like Wes Carr... Thats wrong. Nothing good has come out of Australian Idol, but his 'You' song is catchy as fuck"
"@bruceswalker   Hi Bruce  I am trying to eat healthy!  It's kinda scary when I read &quot;Eat this Not that&quot;  maggots and rat hair in our food"
"@heffasaurus  anything I can do to help?"
"i can't sleep.  amp."
"A year from now is graduation....i am pretty sure i'm not ready for it!?!?!?"
"So, no yarn arriving until Monday and I don't even know what's in this shipment.  I have nothing to dye.    Now what?"
"I'm gettin ready for my trip back to MA...  I don't wanna leave!"
"@SiCoUK he won't reply"
"*YAAAWN* Stayed up too late last night, still gotta work &amp; get up super early tomorrow"
"@BarryAlistair I must of brought the bad weather with me to the states"
"The ball on my BB is not working.  I can read any text messages....holla but don't text me"
"Ok why am I still in the airport and my flightwas @ 1:47pm I haven't even boarded  http://myloc.me/1ZPI"
"@Hellolizzay I work tomorrow"
"I need food. It took an hour to get to work this morning. Leaving me no time to get my morning coffee and bagel"
"Jonas and Demi, I miss you  / NIIICK, in my soul, ASASGDYGYASDGY ?"
"First time in my live that i got a little pop up on the taskbar saying that one of my files was corrupt and I needed to run chkdisk"
"@sri_rng dont know IMEI number  is it tracked even in india?"
"@induce1 Panchito's burfday party tonight... wish you were here kiddo!"
"Its already been a crazy morning and its ONLY 1030"
"Damn. I got a math test today."
"y must i hve graduation practice...all im gonna is walk"
"watching Gilmore Girls reruns!! Don't know what else to do for the day"
"@azroth Unfortunately, I didn't do it on purpose - itunes shuffle did it. It followed up with Dreadzone, so no life-ruin music-trauma."
"@mnemosynekurai haha yea, i just feel like its being taken the wrong direction, used to be a cool place, now its a mess"
"Epsilon Greater than Zero misses her Mommy.  http://apps.facebook.com/catbook/profile/view/5626035"
"Feeling very sad again today"
"@wendyandlisa unfortunately, I will miss Girl Bros. Radio tonight. Will be in the midst of an all night writing session"
"Work is ded  out tonite tho eeeeeee"
"@lram2 What!?!?! I can't believe I had to find out this way...don't you ppl contact family first??!!? I'm so sad!  Who was it?!?1"
"@thewhitemage It does it sometimes - it should come back ;) And the car thing sucks - I feel all anxious and yucky now"
"Is anyone there?  Please say hello - I'm feeling lonely"
"Is sitting in science freezing  four days (:"
"Watching hollyoaks - hoping Justin isn't the one to die."
"maths seriously hate me."
"i cut my hand open!!!"
"@b33f4l0 @KevinDoyle Ha!  I dunno about standing anything up.  Very very rough today.  It hurts to talk."
"I'm just to far from where you are, I wanna go home..."
"has a headache from the the heat."
"Is going to have one upset daughter  in a bit..mr. Rat took a sudden turn for the worse and didn't make it"
"Does not feel good at all today"
"Off to the shelters around me to look for her.  I hope she is okay, so afraid that she is going to get hit by a car. Can't stop crying"
"Where can I get nice food for Mam down the Bay that a) is likely to have room for 3 tonight and b) isn't the mingin' burger kitchen"
"@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed."
"31 degree centigrade is much hotter than 30 degree centigrade"
"@OSCalendar @MetromixOrlando Either way, that's unfortunate to hear  Thanks you both for the head's up."
"I don't do very good at funerals. Crying is way 2 contagious for me"
".@orbitaldiamonds I want all the soldiers to come home so we don't have to hear about anymore being killed."
"am little bit upset   ppl is jerk-"
"Pretty sure I'm sat on the wrong train going the wrong way... Bah!"
"@edwardsheroin *taps shoulder* forgotten"
"is stuck inside when its so nice outside"
"honestly, why did the folks at Microsoft do MS Word 2007 to me?  I can't believe I just spent 10 minutes finding auto correct options"
"Is feeling sick, probably a summer flu"
"@pursebuzz http://twitpic.com/66z7a - I don't know why I always click on your doughnut pictures... lol I always end up wanting one"
"Oh dear. Sunburned back"
"@iamdiddy yeah I need a hug...cuz I am sick.."
"So apparently my dad thinks its ok to stalk my twitter. this has been the worst week ever. i hate my life."
"Still in meeting... I want some coffee right now cuz I didn't sleep well"
"is frustrated by twitter...my picture will not load."
"@Mike_WSt the wheater here in Austria should be bad for the whole weekend. Sorry!"
"I miss my cousin so much"
"@lomeli09 i couldnt respond cuz i maxed out"
"@nick_carter Your video is set to private.."
"I'm so confused about the weather, is it really gonna be sunny? or is it really gonna rain?"
"Creased my nikes!!  ohh well... http://twitpic.com/66zfd"
"I am working like allways. i hope i have a good day havent talked to my Mr.Goofy in over 24hours so that cant possiabally be good"
"arrghh stupid eczema      i have to go soon. sort it OUT! :/"
"@azina too late...now it just hurts."
"iPhone today! I want to see The Morning Of in Virginia Beach, but I don't think I can get there"
"In A and E arts Stephani's horse fell on wet ground and she landed on her head"
"@technclrninjoe i think thats what he is going for but he didnt have time to scan, do photo shop and stuff before work"
"tired but have a lot to do.  Looking forward to tabletop gaming tomorrow as a break from my constant programming"
"Follow Friday is such a burden for me, because I want to add everyone, and I always forget people."
"Cruising &quot;Serious Eats NY&quot; does not bode well for a future in GA. Missing NYC gastronomical tour..  http://newyork.seriouseats.com/"
"ran over a worm skating...  poor wormie. but glad to be back."
"@barbsrad sorry to hear that"
"@pallet2005 apologies don't fix hurt feelings kev.  anyway i'll get it from u next time I c u."
"was mostly sick when she went to bed, but woke up feeling mostly dead"
"@LauraKatzenberg Yo, what happened to my invite?"
"i really want some starbucks right now  needing to find something to do tonight.."
"@SPACASSO Hey, Maria! I'm so sorry!  I think I accidentally disconnected you.     Thank you SO much for trying. Headed to your site soon."
"gosh it's anoher cloudy day  wish they would go away.. or rain.."
"Dangit...cuz of this weather the house painting is going to be dragged out till next week."
"@paintgranny my little felted thing looks like an incestuous by- product of two of your lovelies"
"@corcorjdore I hope you meant ten hour shiFt ya nasty. Poor guy either way   http://myloc.me/1ZSJ"
"Probably because it wasnt a command...bet you dont understand pay out on fantasy football either  ..droids   Look out for @eCouchCoach"
"Tryin to get motivated to go downtown to meet with my girl friends... Kinda dont want to but I always cancel"
"exams are in 2 days, and i'm not prepared  so dead"
"Just got to the hospital. Jimmys really bad....please please send your good thoughts. I'm really worried."
"@serda23 Depends on what they want for it....I've become poor again"
"@misamille Where are u  miss you I hope you are doing well *sending big hugs*"
"@alltimebritt lol dammit  well then next time then"
"@nick_carter THE LINK DOESNT WOR"
"Gotta go to the doctor this morning  i feel so sick right now. i can barely talk but i'm still yelling across the house lol"
"No kickboxing classes today  pretty bummed. Still going to work out hard. http://myloc.me/1ZT0"
"@gfalcone601 giii help me  i really wana find a gorgeous dress for prom, not long, mid length or short, anywhere in the uk. please help"
"UGH I missed the POTUS @ MY Five Guys!!!! 2 blocks from my house and 3 blocks from my job.  http://www.politico.com/politico44/"
"Got Firefox working again. Now I just have to get back all of my bookmarks..."
"I'm gonna miss them so much  I'm crying right now... :/"
"WAH. i'm gonna miss bowie people  ESP YOU ALYANNA BONDOC &lt;3 and Cesar. D:&lt; I dunno if I can survive without my SOSA!"
"@nick_carter it says the video is private... and won't let me watch"
"@P33ZY  My Power was cut off  thats where i went"
"What I would have done with legless stillborn spaniels, no idea. BUT I WAS SAD, so now, 20yrs later, strawberries = dead puppies."
"Those houses were a bust. House 1 smelled like a bowling alley and was maaad gross and house 2 needed a new roof and basement"
"@JayLenoTonight  Jay I'm so sad its your last night on the show Its my last night watching it too I can't watch Conan  see you at 10 pm"
"Lunch isn't until 1:00 but I'm already so hungry."
"I need some free #fieldnotes because I can't travel to North 3rd Street in Philly to buy my own."
"@IanMcNaughton you need to share the h/w love! Some of us are still rocking 2008's gear."
"doing the awful online portuguese test!"
"@chcuk WTF why can't you come race with us?? ughh  where's your road race at on sunday?"
"...just not that into me"
"@TeamTSwift  that's bad luck!"
"@michaelbolton Yes...met Jon last yr at an interesting &quot;Questionning Agile&quot; Agile 2008 session.  Don't see him on this yr's schedule."
"@HayesN  How come everyone seems to make so much more money than me."
"i dont feel good! sick to my stomach"
"Redskins release Jon Jansen.  That guy put in a ton of sweat and bruises for the team.  He will be missed.    http://tinyurl.com/mdewfk"
"@breedimetria I'm talking bout everyone in general, no one wants to play with me"
"Education doesn't move forward because we keep repeating our past (sigh)"
"Got back from Arizona yesterday.  Moved the furniture and stuff out of the Arizona house and shipped it to Redwood City.    How sad."
"Can not get pictures to print without brown splotches. Must not have gotten tanks clean enough... Will have to do again prob"
"i feel extra-nauseous all of a sudden, like my stomach wasn't ready to resume peristalsis after the events of two nights prior"
"sure wish the cat would stop hiding"
"@BROADWAYBOE I work till 6:30 daily at the bank~how do I get free ribfest passes???"
"oh no  according to laineygossip, taylena is OVER!  bc of his fame?! gosh poor @selenagomez two heartbreaks in a row :-/"
"some1 said if your not online your a no1...if you are online your a no1.. can't bloody win  lol"
"@alissas I can't believe that he almost got put down, before the rescue group went and got him."
"Snap. Breaking out again"
"is very worried about sam  and wants to know he okay!"
"@snow_whitex gratz on your tix. sux u will be poor tho  I am trying to get pj harvey tix too but debating my $$s too"
"chris came over for exactly one hour  i moped around after he left and ended up falling asleep."
"Yeah I think I touched something that had mikes germs on it because I have a sore throat now  dammit I knew I should have not gone there!"
"@ThePrinceBeMe Awww why you giving me sad faces? That's how you feel?"
"wonders why am I so clumsy lately?  http://plurk.com/p/x28ka"
"I miss my site!!"
"Wish i was famous like some of d people im following"
"@bustermcleod Oh shit, happy late birthday! (my txt didn't send  )"
"Lover's bus is late. that means i won't see him until three hours later than planned."
"Yorks V Lancs on the telly. Not going too well for Yorkshire."
"Pissing annoying date stamp on all my pictures. Wish I'd remembered to turn it off."
"Thinking about opening MacMaze sources as I don't have time to work on it anymore"
"@fmpug doh! I'm out of town so I can't get my results from the mail"
"I ruined my lunch by eating half a bag of cheddar popcorn....now I feel sick."
"I wish pitchfork would shutup about #primavera.  Makes me miss spain"
"office hours/trying to make my computer feel better."
"At work sick  but I'm ok to the mall!"
"Thinking about Con Law, fighting a headache, &amp; Paying bills..."
"Yeah. It's sad."
"going to the doctors"
"Truck has bit the dust, don't know if I'll make the Mustangs game tomorrow"
"my whole back is burnt from tanning. ouch"
"needs a job"
"im hungry.due to last night's dinner..or lack there of.. someone take care of me"
"my trousers are damp."
"also just hanging right now?? just bored hahaha didn't have to work again today this is different....  no hours no money lol whatev"
"Trying to figure out how to use Twitter.......I'm old"
"Next weeks dlc is fail  Can't wait for Maiden in two weeks though ;)"
"Ok... No one was interested in my special.   Now the popcorn is stale! What a waste. I'm going to find a homeless person to give it to ..."
"I'm siiiiiickkk  I dun feel good!!"
"@AngelaRyan jet blue is okay I guess. They cancel flights and don't have a lot of backup planes. And no first class"
"@t0astbandit eesh, sorry to hear that. That isn't going to make travel to Michigan very fun."
"Meeting my best friend first thing in the morning to the gym! Omg I am still so shocked. I hope you will get better soon"
"@SquireX6 harrump gagging for beer, noone wants to play"
"soooo sunburnt  my mum was out earlier so i had to wait for her to get in and fell asleep on the trampoline for 2 hours in the sun (U)"
"Getting ready for work... think I'm catching a cold  yay!! Now I gotta pull a 9 hour shift... holla at ya sometime tomorrow.. peace"
"@thisislivestyle man yes BrOoKlYn goes hard but longstory short have 2 get comfy in windy !!!"
"UGH BUT I N33D T0G0 BAD.."
"#Vancouver gets tough with slum landlords..ew backed up sewage   http://bit.ly/16UrvV http://bit.ly/16UrvV"
"becoz of leg sprain nta ble to do proper wrkouts. Worried shud dis hapen wen i satrted dieting..."
"@theyjusthowl"
"Hi everybody! Sorry for the long listening. Iwas too busy."
"Sitting at valley ....my hummer has a boo boo"
"@Beadz2Pleaz I think that's what's wrong with me.  Stuffed up and when I breathe in it feels like a sore throat"
"Oh noes! The TV is broken  No red standby light or anything... checked the plug fuse... now to the inside"
"got FOXY_ a new brew buddy now my kitchen is gonna smell"
"@AmyDeWitt I'm sorry you're not having the best day - neither am I though  Are you working tonight??"
"I'm half awake in my comm theory section... Wahhhh! I want my bed..."
"Dilated pupils suck. The computer screen hurts my eyes so I won't be on the comp for a while."
"@reggaeluv2000 haha it's great. but i slept horribly last night."
"I saw a squirrel get hit by a car while walking to bart this morning...wondering if there was anything I could have done."
"been shoppin all day and got a headache (which i still have) i got 1 boyfriend style shirt and didnt find a new bracelet 2 wear"
"@tacoman667 Not available in my area  I would too"
"Dads should ask their 22 year old sons before drinking."
"@MDHOLLA Sharing #ff with my twitter fam. I won't be on too much longer got a real busy day. I can't twitter from my phone"
"I've been really tough, but it still sucks to live 5000 miles away from your family when you crave for Korean homemade meal."
"I just got busted by the owner of our company playing with a squishy ball at my desk...he asked if I needed more work to keep busy"
"Cleaning + finding stuff to sell. I'm so poor."
"My heart has been beating irregularly ever since last night. I don't want to explode or implode"
"Just hit the 3000 word mark for his Geography Notes, and I'm not even doing it for GCSE? Mean while I've done a page of history"
"family are home doesnt seem like they missed me at all tbh"
"I forgot to charge my cell last night and now it's dead"
"has dislocated her knee  *bad/painful times* gas + air and morphine are fun though"
"I'm still waiting to find out what #caca stands for - hoping it's not what I think it is since you #follow me for #caca."
"I wanna longboard but it's raining ughhhhhh"
"@MiiZxP ohhh wowwww no good"
"@Col_RFTL Think @PembsDave must have blocked me as not heard a Tweet from him for a while"
"I do NOT feel good today"
"translating my topic &quot;quadratic congruences&quot; for my tutorial in elementary number theory  I have to do this tutorial OMG"
"@thesehazeleyz  if you need to talk or vent let me know"
"YES I AM GOING TO BE A SOPHMORE IN COLLEGE. Geez. Cant get a job cause everyone thinks im fifteen."
"@AnditisLiz Hey Hey!! I got this custom designed, one of a kind Superfresh T over here with somebodies name on it collecting dust"
"@pitbull_fan76 ROFL!  THAT'S my problem, only two hands"
"sore throat and a headache starting on a friday is not a good sign"
"Summer makes me feel ugly  all the pretty people are out showin off their good genes  damn them to hell!!!"
"feeling the need for more advil."
"Watchin Hollyoaks...poor Justin!"
"@Ariel_Meir ohhhh ouch dude, I got it now I was drunk last night and didn't get the context. Sorry dude."
"Dana just found out she doesn't get to take lunch now, but rather in an hour. Hello delivery.  http://plurk.com/p/x29ss"
"@DavidSadof I'm not sure about this tweet business  Why are the simple things so difficult?"
"nataliaflewell  hey all so bored and in pain .. anyway god is my love life ever screwd"
"1st day of work today was a bit tiring but ok lol now onto college work"
"@jesshartley Oh, don't hurt yourself!!"
"@dekhmcclelland One's gone to my husband who's going alone  Other I might just leave at box office under a random name for anyone..."
"@MistressJett Ouch, I'm sorry then"
"@MissCalderon that was horrible. I didnt ask u to. But u didn't have to laugh about it.  it hurt a little inside here *pints toward heart*"
"is on the road now! with 7 hours ahead and a beautiful girl behind"
"@thehottestboys  i think its like 1million degrees here &lt;3"
"Sad that our neighbors just cut down ALL the trees around their house! It looked so pretty before, and they seemed healthy.  Tragic."
"I don't think my friends like me anymore  (via #zenjar )"
"My throat hurts"
"class is almostt over"
"wishing technology wasn't so complicated"
"@ferretprincess are you having any problems sending images from Twitterberry  mine just doesn't want to work ! Xxx"
"Looking for a new laptop battery. Why are they so expensive??"
"@cdlstatus are you guys dead again?  I can't load it up"
"@renay How come?"
"@Jtabzz Sorrry  I'm ready to leave."
"My aim is not working due to network problems"
"Being tall has its ups and downs , my legs are in pain"
"@stephaniejack Geez sorry to hear Steph, I hope things improve soon. I know that ain't much sorry"
"Such a beautiful day...wish my bike hadn't been run over by a car - hit and run.   #bikeTO"
"poor baby girl chloe is freaking out because of all of the noise!  She so cute and pitiful hiding under the middle of the table!"
"@pattyxxcore I don't know, ask Carolyn. Also, we won't have the boxes empty by the time you get off."
"ugh back in reno"
"I'm slightly disturbed by Hollyoaks tonight.  I really don't think it's something that should have been shown at 6.30pm..."
"@JeffSays yeah, precisely what I was thinking"
"i waited too long to buy pink tickets!  now we're going to be in nose bleed!!  how sad  we're taking binoculars..."
"just spent an hour trying to get the newborn bird in my front garden to fly. poor baby  no success!"
"argh, i don't feel too good"
"My tomato soup tastes like red peppers"
"@lisajcopen Sorry you are having a bad week. I feel like if I could get good sleep, I would be so much better too. Fog"
"LONELY, I AM SO LONELYYYY ... @fempi plz come back"
"@knightedbishop endodontist should be able to do it without removing it. Just hope my ceramic crown doesn't shatter some time later"
"The sun just came out!!! Pray for me guys!!!  Writing skills test   No pass, no class, no graduate -.-"
"@icklemonkey My Photoshop won't let me save anything  Due to a disk error. The blend took me 1.5 hours!"
"out with dad to see up.  sad that mom cannot come"
"Wheres my phone ?!"
"Homey missed da bus."
"@letsocietydream I think i would die if they played Pushit. I missed them when they came last time. When Isis toured with them"
"@heathervescent sorry didn't get to see you"
"woke up to boxes to the ceiling and now he can't find his yerba mate or coffee beans."
"feel like a junkie  i live in chronic pain disorder with fentanyl an morphin, that is not nice... it really sucks"
"@angelabc hi angela, can you check your email? I need one thing from you (sorry if it's your day off  )"
"@itsaimee sorry, that's probably my fault."
"@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5ut6j - Poor Thing"
"shoutout to @denzelburks we're both starvin like homeless cambodian kids  lmao"
"@imreallydope your phone isn't working!"
"just ran some ACCELA unit tests for the first time in about 2 years... and they failed"
"@torreyryan Yeah, I thought that was very little warning for you guys.   I don't miss 12-9 shifts 6 days/wk with no break, that's for sure"
"@vronmcintyre I want an espresso machine"
"@HighRawFoods I am sorry."
"@bernadinee thank for ur gnite and... *thank* for ur photo of sims 3... heart broken here"
"@bcran we'll see Craig might just hog u guys! haha I work till 10 tonight anyways"
"Just saw half the RRO staff walk by...sadly I didn't see @legmar or @mtacheme"
"@niftybitch time to leave a passive agressive note to the owners.  It's not the dog's fault... it's their shitty owners"
"@chantelmybell  that's no bueno...hope u feel better!"
"Feeling like the bum of this recession.  Don't try to call or text me."
"@XxMolliexX I mean someone hit a dog with a car. It was just laying there"
"Nice to come out of a business meeting feeling desired &amp; valuable. Now, to come out of a date like that..! (Or, to go on a date at all..)"
"@jaymckenney gosh, I'm sorry man.  I'll hope for good news."
"Trying to stay upbeat while I wait to get my keys out of my locked car"
"Got insurance forms for Polo. Feel a bit  Has to be done though."
"@mommypages I wish our @COSICols didn't close"
"just got home from doing the big shop totally munched out because i was so starving and im at weigh in in the morning oops"
"really ill again not been well for 2 weeks, i've got a bad viral infection."
"Going to tmobile  i need a new phone this G1 is so not working for me anymore"
"is incredibly worried about Stanley..."
"i thnk ima cry i feel rlly bad"
"is missing someone.. haayy..  http://plurk.com/p/x2avn"
"Bloody sunburned"
"oh no. opera 10 is not google friendly  *weeps*"
"Starting to spoil my pug since her brother Max passed away on Tuesday. We miss him."
"@jennytornado DAMN IT! I want to see that movie sooo bad.  Don't tell me anything. hehe."
"@keylahtia yes I'm starting to feel the effects of humidity"
"annoyed and overwhelmed"
"never answer me back"
"@Alligood So sorry to hear about the kiddo!  Hope she feels lots better now that the cast is on"
"Potluck for danielle taking veggie tray. I will miss her"
"@CoachDeb I'm game, too bad your leaving HI!"
"@katie84 You don't get them anymore?"
"California's budget deficit (now at $24.3 billion) means big problems and lots of cuts, including 220 of our state parks"
"@KissofJudas  Lupo's is a bit far for you methinks, luv. They're an hour out of my way in Providence. I love Providence."
"Yay, it's friday and boo i'm so broke i have no dosh"
"@onchmovement oh no your sick! I'm feeling kinda sick too  and I'm hating this overcast weather!"
"@evylove why no FF for me?"
"@MamaGaea Sorry to hear about your dude probs, what is it that's too much?"
"Gonna have to have arthroscopy to repair my knee"
"@melissa0616 yeah - stomach bug or something. Fever, etc. Not fun."
"@PinkBerryGirl Aniya666 yours wasn't there"
"Another interview... Please somebody hire me?! But I'm late"
"Sigh. My metal friends keep planning stuff on Sunday afternoons, when I'm at work. Feeling like I'm losing touch with them"
"the low point: a poor pigeon outside my building isn't capable of flying. It's just wandering up and down the sidewalk. so sad"
"@NETTUTS I can't wait that long"
"why did Reel big fish cover Edna's goldfish"
"is putting on her &quot;suit&quot; (&amp;dont mean jeans&amp;T)&amp;Heading over 2 T-town 2 deal w/ family emergency PLEZ PRAY 4Us  BE back by 630P God willing!"
"Somebody accidentely sleep for 3 hours instead of 2 and now I can't hang out  WORK BLOWS! sorry @andrew_jones20 and @schmidtfaced"
"@Twisted_Jo my mask is non-existent at the mo  Charis didn't send me one &amp; I haven't been bothered to make one! I'm wearing boy clothes!"
"That poor goose."
"Head is throbbing from lack of sleep and still have mucho work. Doesn't feel like a Friday"
"@geektoad   Woot! lol  It's gonna be hard to send this one back"
"@c0v89 i dunno..tipsy gave EVERYTHING in the 1st set and still lost..not sure what mental state he was in - but the injury was bad timing"
"less than 1 month and im done with high school... ohh my!  my friends"
"@xolotl ohhh ok. so like, it's more frustrating? I had my hands on a 3g iphone last week but it was upgraded so i couldn't unlock it"
"8 month old African grey parrot  sad sale - Reptile Forums UK http://bit.ly/grrdA"
"@russfischer man i wish i still lived near a drive in  perfect movie experience"
"Sitting in boring ass litterature listening to jack Johnson  missing the gf soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much."
"has a terrible headache.  I need relief!"
"sooo tired, I wish I had time for a nap before work"
"Day 7 without shower. No end in sight. There is stuff between my toes."
"@JordanOhlin what happened to winston?"
"Missed my massage appointment..... Now Its 2maro   I needed it"
"@Peeperrzz URGHHHHHHHHHH your makeing me cry"
"@AnonymousNY My closet situation is close to the same.  Except it's not closet located near NYC."
"Schoool needs to end, Work tonight 4 to 8  hittt me up after &lt;3"
"Fuck traffic. Going to be late!"
"@ work....boyz make me sick.."
"still hoping for a job... but now i have strep so looks like i wont be looking around places for the next couple of days"
"My GCSE and A Level work is at least 50x better than my degree work. Oh Uni, what did you do to me?"
"@omgitsafox I could but won't get here in time before my Vegas trip  So I'll still look like a noob there~"
"To make it worse, its my friends party tonight, and I'm stuck here. I haven't seen her for months"
"i didnt post my new song today  i will try and post tomorrow!"
"just got back from the pool, need to ice the knee"
"@KellyFahl Psych has to be better than neuro!  Or at least in a better part of town?  I miss you"
"heyy  watching the simpson  with shezza and paula"
"Tasha's really bad haircut. She's being treated for skin cancer and is shaved from neck to tail.  http://twitpic.com/671zy"
"It's not the internal fuse either  Poop. Might have to get the spare out of the loft, although that might be a job for 2 people..."
"was spose to be going to a party tonight but gues what im sick  grrrrr."
"feeling sorry for Ian. He broke up with his gf, i feel reali sad cos he feels down!  wish i can give him a huge hug right now"
"@yukihoang i had a dream that u didn't like me"
"@SteveSerrano I adoreeeee Matt Nathanson!! I am so jealous of you right now."
"@JamesMurphy anything to sell an album. poor thing."
"@Livvixo god I need to revise today! I'm so lazy"
"@randazzled my phne blocks text"
"laptop pooped. new harddrive needed? using DH's old pc now. maybe offline a while  damn BSOD!! happened too many times, Safe Mode only now"
"$4 lonestar pitchers at @mugshotsaustin ?  If only I wasn't still recovering from last weekend's bout of irresponsible gluten consumption"
"@motley_sis He got those cars before he lost his job.  He used to make good money. Now he works at McDonalds because nobody will hire him."
"its sprinkling outside  i hope it doesn't rain during our game .."
"@brooke_nichole i miss my earrings  lol you should let me know when your close by"
"how do I gain weight?! I lost 20 pounds and I want it back..  I'm only 108 and I'm 23 yrs old at 5'7. Not healthy."
"@jerseymaids oh man  hope you guys weren't shaken up too bad!"
"@abraham not funny"
"@lowenstein @jerm_bob7 I'll update you. I had to leave him at the vet for tests and xrays."
"They've changed the soap in the men's loo and it doesn't smell of marzipan anymore. I miss the marzipan soap"
"You know i NEVER wanna hurt you"
"@eogasawa psh... I'm not cool enough to go to their open-houses."
"@saucewear btw, your shirts are shipping out!  I ran out of stock on the one size you ordered for the &quot;I AM FAMOUS&quot; sorry"
"Daisy just got attacked by another doggie in the park"
"@SamBennington although you wear sunglasses i can see how uncomfortable you felt. poor sam."
"@rantingteacher No, rather we're OMG it's nearly Monday"
"Just spent more than 45 minutes looking at the Aud"
"ough out of the shower and my toes feel horrible in my socks i think they are still a bit wet"
"Over-thought tying my shoe, couldn't figure it out for a while"
"How come it's so cold now?! A few days ago it was wicked nice out, now I feel like I need my winter coat back."
"Never made it to the gym so will be doing my blowout sans thong wearing company. Phew! But bummer on missing workout"
"my tummy hurts"
"Hangin with the fam! My head is hurtin"
"@SirGarde Hott as Africa lol yeah its hot here too and its a big storm here"
"@meinj Wish i was out an about, stuck in with a pile of boxes, a sore back and a load of tesco blue shopper bags to fill from the kitchen"
"@tinchystryder why is it your last EVER uk tour  ?? x"
"@PaulMcGwinn i could really fancy a nap right now but i am at work at 7am and i feel that if i nap now i am wasting my evening"
"contemplating getting my hair cut and having severe anxiety about it...."
"@brieasaurus i guess your cooler than me, tony hawk never replied to me"
"I have a stupid Recall on my car"
"addin to that last comment, was spose to be going to see the jonas brothers 3D movie, but guess what i couldnt go aswell cos im sick"
"@apt10C I was walking home when he fell to the ground"
"Bugger. forgot I still have washing in my machine"
"It's gonna be a super long day"
"@petshoptype yes and no. there's some strange infection in my body that's causing me to be sicker than I need and to have a fever."
"@Timkealey  was wong?"
"@teamqivana We're no longer in biz together. The one thing that survived was our marriage. Not so good with the in-laws, though."
"trying to find some friends and not having any luck"
"i want some followers"
"Dislocating your thumb= more painful than dislocating your toe. I was reminded of this today (thankfully, by my toe). Still feels weird"
"Damn it, the guys aren't at #comet09  I hope they win though"
"@KimmelCenter if I could make it to Philadelphia this year I would be there!! but sadly, i cannot"
"Wow it's definitely Friday- the gym is completely empty! What to do? I'd like to play the wii but I guess I'll vacuum"
"Heading to yale.. Grandmother in car accident"
"broken my leg  comment me please"
"oops i did it again...really shouldnt have."
"@RyanSchartz gah! no money..... at least not for bakugan"
"macbook dying. switching to iphone."
"I want noms"
"@shecango9984 I knnnowwww I'm so upset!!! I was going to twitter u but my sis's apt is like a led box nosignal! Where was the cookout??!!"
"i'm pretty bored/tried. my mom is going to be home in an hour. @kassi911 is fixing to leave. aww...  she's going to texas for a month.."
"So many tests todayyy  I don't feel confident about anyy."
"wants to eat an entire chocolate cheesecake"
"on break with @kellyaelliot . It's raining"
"transferring 368558682 photos is annoying.. I want to watch Up"
"@iwan2ctheworld she passed away in April.  she was really sick with a genetic disease."
"@EdwinIsRaDd why did you never buy bagels when i was tehre? i feel so unloved  haha"
"Ok. So I'm not moving, someone else took the apt I wanted  at least now I can work on organizing my stuff"
"I FEEL LIKE CRAP......"
"is traumatized and saddened by the 2 baby squirells she just found on abandoned on the sidewalk."
"I quite like baseball and bball oh and the odd gridiron match that a tiny tiny part of the worlds population calls football"
"@Tech_N9ne I'm not having a good day"
"@euripidean oh dear Whoops indeed"
"@SEXYJENN_18 i emailed you the link, pretty sad uh?  RIP Jessie Kitty"
"I need to get away. I wish I had money to go travel for a bit. I miss my east coast friends."
"@GenuineAmy Dude, I miss the 90's.   btw, the name of my mix is &quot;Damn the man! Save the 90's!&quot; hahaha"
"just got rear ended"
"@ArcticMonkeysUK  i thought it was earlier"
"Why doesn't Rob tweet anymore?"
"So bored  waiting for class to start. Sigh midterms next week &gt;_&lt;"
"jen! we havent talked in like 3 days!"
"Has that feeling like when you want to cry but you dont so you get that empty feeling in your stomach and your throat starts to hurt."
"daddy is in the hospital  i dont like it!"
"@tylercrex my power went out as well.. Except I'm in nor cal"
"@sfwa The article on language groups in spaceports looks really cool, but i can't open the site from that link."
"Lucy has an upset tummy and sore leg  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/182397"
"Mummy and Nathan not in today! On My Todd!"
"i miss &quot;mr.&quot;"
"@chirocindy Don't tease me! I'm in desperate need of an adjustment."
"Misses the good old days!"
"Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!!"
"Dang  I left my Rolando's dinner leftovers at home! I knew I should have put them in the shop fridge last night before we left downtown!"
"@promotingyou  no FF tweet for me?"
"is alone  ! watch a lot of DVD on my laptop !!!"
"@Lbaje i got talent too  u nvr hear me sing or dance them does call me Mini Breezy"
"@bhufford: I've got a fairly flat route available... the problem is I no longer have a fully functional bike to ride"
"Still no reply from @lorenb about my SimFinger problem  So no iRape parody video until I get a response, sorry guys"
"Thus far, Metaverse U has used the Second Life = Virtual Worlds, rather than the gamier Terra Nova usage. I'm in the TN camp  #metaverseu"
"@lost_in_a_story Glad I'm not the only one. He's our baby, and I'm terrified he'll think we're never coming back."
"My tummy hurts"
"thinking 53 more days is the only thing that gets me through work. ahhh i dont want to go"
"@davechinnici still not 100%    im sick of being sick!"
"Already know I'm gonna miss josh next week.. My mom needs more surgery.. Work sucks.. Not a good day. Oh and my tum tum hurts"
"i seriously need to live somewhere fabulously queer. i miss being around gay people"
"i went to the doctor. i hav a virus."
"Just got off phone with Black Swamp Bird Observatory - No reports of Connecticut Warbler from Metzger or Magee today..."
"Just got an IM from another co-worker who just got laid off. Lots of people becoming unemployed"
"@TrueVisionDubbz OMG! that wasn't funny.. LOOK at his face in the pic.. OMG! that made me sad! BAD JOB MIKE!! wtf?? .. poor K O B E"
"My dad is trying to force me to learn to drive. I don't like doing things I'm not good at in public"
"I'm way to hungry to even think. I can't go to work on an empty stomach like this"
"@beforeyoufall i wish i could offer a hug right now, so bad"
"@DJMagic aww i'm sorry!! I was rushing around on my lunch break so I didn't even think of it!!"
"I lost count   sorry I let u down..."
"...what ever happened w/ creating music in collaboration just for fun without the &quot;what am i getting out of it&quot; question in mind? PLEASE!"
"@NPollard unless absolutely gorgeous I'd rather men stayed covered up! Have seen sights today to put you off your food.......  #ukpubs"
"@cruirco i still dont know what we would do though"
"Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!! : Fell off the wagon and had a Maccy's!!"
"Another Lake Park kid is going to Tulane. I'm not unique anymore"
"throat infection coming on strong I think  I can taste blood :S"
"working allllllllll weekend..how thrilling..and i have to say bye to goshy on sunday cause she is leaving for poland for 3 months"
"Why oh why do I always forget to take the medication I'm *supposed* to take 30 minutes before breakfast? Just taking it now at 1:30"
"why the hell is youtube not working???  NO NO  NO NO   NO  NO NO NNO NO"
"just found out I won't be tweeting from ,my phone in Scotland, different networks    I was going to upload photos to twitpic, sorry"
"*uh* totally forgot the gentoo reinstallation  don't know what i should backup. the make.conf, my home and /boot. nothing else..?"
"Eh they shut the freeway down! omw to a job interview so i guess i'm gonna be late"
"@ajcoo82 oh no.  hope you feel better soon. Hugs. I had flu earlier this month."
"Why are all the cool classes being offered this summer?  Boo."
"gah! i just can't get the hang of twitter   i must be more stupid than i thought! :/"
"@1045CHUMFM I give up Fav!  I try and try every time...and nothing ever happens...I'm not usually  a quitter...in this case I might be!"
"Ashley= getting sick... Ugh I'm losing my voice! Nooo"
"Cell is dying.hafta plug it up every night now."
"after 4 tries and 2 arms it was successful BUT now I look like a junkie"
"Decided not to go...I want to see my sweetie  But I can't."
"@lorib709 sorry you aren't feeling well!"
"Its raining on Staunton again, We need the rain, but that just means Ive got nothing sitting outside for people to see,"
"@autonomy14 Ah, sorry to hear your trip was canceled"
"Im downloading manually the oooiifull.mp4 movie by @leebrimelow as it seems the only way to see it fully"
"Still can't sleep..missin' my dobby..."
"iLook struggles to make Outlook more social http://bit.ly/JjUdF looks interesting, no Twitter support?"
"would like to go back to bed. horrible headache pounding behind my eyes and all over my skull"
"Should have left car and walked home! I might need someone to rescue me with petrol! Light flashing"
"@3CB goodnight hun. Yaani nakam wakati unaenda  @soleaddict1 hai"
"but mum just burned some bacon... smoke alarm's a bitch"
"@SavageMike :: I know the feeling  Its a little depressing :S"
"@berrylies I am so sorry."
"I feel like crying! One of my diamond earrings fell out my ear bc it was loose and I can't find it. I've had them forever"
"feel. sick. too. much. cheese. on. toast."
"@iamdiddy me.  confused about a guy...he's great but why am I pushing him away?"
"@fountain1987 Ooh!Wish i was there.Just watched Hollyoaks on E4.So sad,please dont leave chris!"
"OH NO! MY FAN BROKE  NOOOOOOOOOOOO! great now i have to swelter in the heat. i like heat-ish but it hot! my laptop warm as well."
"This is sad"
"Just got done discing, found two discs in the last two days. Solid.  Wish @pacheros would treat my koozie better and not throw it around"
"Just tried an energy drink to report back for you guys, and im sweating and have the worst cramps. I want to lie down"
"Testing out Hulu desktop. Reminds me of a shittier version of boxy. Feels clunky, search is too hidden, the menu system is questionable."
"Oh my god. I literally drove in rain that was so hard that i couldn't see in front of me. I'm shaking"
"@yayamartinez dude i am so sorry!!!!! I never got that number for you my fail  i just remembered"
"watching The Uninvited in my room. Can't wait to go home. But I have to go to the Deid first."
"Tiggerk is still having upset tummy issues  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/6823131"
"@spaley sadly that is so true"
"@BonesCrazy24 I'm tired, hungry and bored of revision! Sorry to hear about dinner"
"I will never eat broadway pizza again.. feelin ill."
"@420thoughts I can understand, pains been part of my life for a long time now  I hope you feel a bit better soon."
"Where's my bus? I want to go home!"
"I don't think the neti pot is working for me  maybe I'm doing it wrong?"
"My new landlord just called.. I cant move in until tomorrow morning  Way to rain on my parade.."
"is really stressing out"
"Packing is no fun at all  good thing I have the new united on to keep me going... But still no fun"
"Just got my rejection email from Jeffco schools.  fingers crossed for Boulder Valley..."
"Ow... My shoulder muscle (I can't remember the name :p) hurts... What did I do?  I don't even know"
"Why am I so tired?????? Whyyyyy make it stop. Merm is not going to be fun tonight."
"@jen_juneau I did, until my parents got all f'd up and I started comfort-eating"
"@stevehills dad's been having fever since last nite and needs 2 bottles of blood trasfusion..loaded 1 today..1 to go tomorrow."
"doesn't know what to do this evening &amp; is D R E A D I N G work tomorrow  it sucks."
"@justinchon great. so you're saying *I'm* old, being 28 and all??"
"@livefashion lol... not gross at all  they're gross?"
"My work buddy left early today so now im all lonely.  keep lookin at the time and its barely only a min later than last time"
"this laptop is going to die, its not working!"
"My guitar ain't here yet?, feel like i lost a limb!."
"@Cracklin_Rosie  it was my name until yesterday"
"Omg i'm so sad. I jus took in that gossip girl is done"
"Man waking up sucks when u have to go to work like 30 min later"
"My hair looks sooo short"
"Oh, today my friend goes to USA! , I�m going to miss her so much!  , have a great time darling"
"@amybarton Hope your son is okay!"
"@wenatcheewash I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"@myuze_me Why so blah?"
"I hate taking antibiotics, but i think i need to get me some. boooooo."
"my laptop broke, who wants to help a girl out and take me to best buy this weekend. please ill feed u."
"@NathanFillion hey, what about us followers in ATL!!!!"
"@crystal_haze aww I^m sorry that Ray Wise has appeared on the show yet   , I watch @AOTS everyday except for Friday its a best of AOTS."
"Whatever happened to those chocolate cigarettes replete with rice paper, 'filter' and fag packet... I miss 'em."
"the suns gone  hopefully nice weather tommorrow. ALL THE WORK IS SO DEPRESSING! :'("
"@cathrynmarie i miss jack n box  and whataburger  and oooo taco cabanaaaaaa  lmao"
"A Banana and 2 cups of Coffee...Not a so Healthy Breakfast!"
"Life Just Isn't Fair &gt; And I Feel"
"This will be the worst day ever....graduation"
"I want him to call"
"Math class ugh.  Rather be a class act.  Damn quiz   gotta act fast"
"getting impatient with the turnaround time on repairs to my (broken on arrival) new espresso machine  #fb"
"I might get kicked out of school. Thing is they don't know that most of us need a job to live in this city."
"WHAT ABOUT ME ??  I VOTE EVERY DAY FOR YOU !!!!!"
"@PattyHankins Awe - didn't know cats got skin cancer"
"Wow we're going to war with Korea? There goes my chances of ever being a grandma"
"still aint get my vanilla frosty yet."
"I'm finished 3rd year. Moving onto 4th year on Monday. It's soooo scary. This time next year I will be finished my standard grade exams"
"I wonder if she knows how shallow, airy &amp; dumb her tweets make her sound. I guess not b/c if she did...she'd probably stop"
"@joeymcintyre  My sister and I are suppose to be meeting you today in Birmingham.    Please reschedule!!!"
"i want to go to bocum tottal to see lostalone, but have no passport  dam you poorness"
"I really want a milkshake. I have no money."
"ate like tons of chocolate today...  3 weeks of eating healthy, all gone with one day of unlimited eating! LOL"
"Wonders if I'm d only 1 dat n church sumtime nt knowng certain sungs. Seems like erbdy knows it but u? Quickly feel bad cnt sing along ."
"@karlismiles indeed, much fail"
"So there aren't anymore exams, but there is only 3 days left. I've just now relized this is a bad thing.  And a good thing. I dont know."
"#Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook."
"yeah, I was wasting my time  fail"
"@mileycyrus I VOTED!!! do u have a personal myspace? i keep talking to fakes   i &lt;3 you. u helped me thru the hrdest time of my life! (: x"
"proper cba with out!"
"@ArlenesUniverse I have tried. He doesn't want to listen. I don't know what to do anymore. I just feel like HE doesn't care anymore"
"ahhhh, very sad"
"Migraining today--the naproxen sodium tablets I took are helping a little but my neck is now killing me.  Need my muscle relaxants"
"i looking at failure"
"@danielgrosvenor #Java is not working - hmph!  Can't upload photos to #Facebook."
"my finger hurts cause its infected!"
"@CenturyMontes why you stop following me? Was I not cool enough for you?"
"@cazob  okay i need to find another way then lolz"
"Wishing I made enough money to do whatever I want! Sux... No money in education"
"@babblingbrookie Try being in AZ again brooke, Omg you cant even be outside for less than a minute before getting your neck burned."
"@Broccolope sorry about calling you in really late"
"@KourtneyKardash noo  I'm in miami and I just wanna lay out in the sun..but the rain has stopped me"
"@LLCee I had to find out via twitter"
"how do I vote for Mr twitter universe??? I'm a bit stuck"
"is mad that its raining"
"@Drob114 thanks for rubbing it in, jerk  where are you guys going this weekend?"
"@ColinBach Sorry dude couldn't make BBQ only just back from hospital"
"@mrs_aaberg it certainly was their fault that I had to crawl all over the woods today but I'm afraid it would have broken at home too"
"@Intelligentle This was at Pitman's down South. It just looks like business is bad all over"
"@jerseymoongirl - I'm hoping these pills will do something, cuz I'm gonna go nuts"
"no phone call yet.. 20 minutes until I pluck up the courage. I WISH MY PHONE WOULD RING"
"So much work, so little time"
"@countrygirls86 dude i tried!! it wouldn't load!"
"I feel really bad for female racoons with abusive racoon husbands... when you always have black eyes- no one can help"
"@mechellelewis Are you shattered after that long week?  Thats a pity about tomorrow night"
"@KimmyGotSoul aw damn. ok i got you for tuesday on that. i gotta write a short post for today tho"
"is taking mommy to the airport."
"@alivelshi what a society we live in"
"ah seriously i dont even work with children some how i am still sick!  groundhog friday just got worse."
"@Mauityler87 u don't love me  no follow..how was your night? ;-)"
"@TheMrsNikkiSixx  We'll miss you  #Sixx?"
"@Jonasbrothers come on guys.. you shouldn't promote here :| it's kinda disappointing. Twitter's for UPDATES"
"Just got back in, and I'm absolutely exhausted, have to be up in 5 hours for work"
"I am sick, very sick, sore throat and flu"
"New picture isn't working"
"@CourtneyREADs lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua"
"still trying to get better  had to get mommaz lovin..headed to her house.. ahhhhhh i so hate this feelin!"
"This is beyond terrible...my friends 18 yr old daughter jumped off the skyway bridge this morning. She was a beautiful girl...such a loss"
"Just finished weeding the flower bed. Why is it the weeds grow so well but legitimate plants hate me?"
"I'll guess I will see everyone after the weekend  Gunna be having major Tweet cravings the entire time!!..."
"I have so much stuff in my car that I can just feel my MPG going in the toilet."
"@Kngston someone i work with today told me that if i took a &quot;real age&quot; test, it would tell me i'm 45"
"Lost my keys  now i'm waiting for my dad in d'iberville. Phail. Also fml"
"@SportsDivaTiffy Hey, did his wife die? I am really confused. I hadn't been on his MySpace in a little while, but I just read his Twit."
"Its so sunny outside, and I have no one to go out and play with"
"I didn't find my dress"
"despertando megadespistado, me ire a la u y luego full fin de semana on the beach, saldr� en wild on!"
"@Xaan I'm having trouble viewing it as well on you tube for some reason"
"Bought it.  Now I have to wait 2-3 weeks.   Boo."
"oh god they're breaking down so much plaster what are they doing in there  i like walls, thanks!"
"Allianz interview went well, got a rejection from MOD though  .... going to be a long weekend as I hear from Allianz on Monday"
"@jasonridge1 you're in harlem? where? im so jealous right now! i miss living in nyc!"
"@mileycyrus i voted and i couldnt"
"Sheesh my meds make me feel like I'm at the bottom of the ocean...and I have to go back to work today  Be sad with me..."
"It's a sad day, found the first scratch on my car."
"@cameo1172 i have 2 friends going  so jealous"
"@elmofromok Oh it's been so long I can't remember"
"Aw man, Half Term isn't long enough    lol!"
"@laurenRIOT_x it's only on in glasgow"
"wats up with the racism in australia? Its not nice"
"change of plans. won't be seeing Up today."
"Off to guitar now! I almost said swim. Phew!!"
"@caitran i do! Id love to go, but i have a bunch of stuff to do that day, dont think i actually could go."
"its overcast today again  it looks like it wants to clear up but i doubt it :/"
"Dear Mr. President: Please TALK TO US abt what you plan to do re: DADT. Because right now, you just look like a liar."
"Hm. Have you ever realized how incredibly over-rated Tokio Hotel is becoming? It makes me sad."
"@bluepoof They have a list of 50 state parks here in PA that are under consideration for closing. Nice ones too."
"hurt my arm  can't write, hope it will be over for june the 5th"
"Arrggghhh...dang post office.  Did not get the package in yet, may have to wait until tomorrow"
"@Gleegirloz Life is too short. I know its slefish but i wish everybody would outlive ME"
"And I just saw something real sad on my lunch... A dog with two broken back legs."
"okay, got the card, but my phone is fucked up at the moment.  please use email to reach me, sorry"
"I think my wireless router is dieing"
"@kgs  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua"
"Bad Day. History Test Tommorrow. And I want to go out in the sun and play.."
"@jonmyers The problem is that I'm not finished with it  But I have logged in mass hours this week on it. And i'm not being paid! POP!"
"Down again   seems like it never gonna stop and I'll never get what i want"
"@MelissaHourigan i wish. i'm on lock down  we need to catch up, though. seriously."
"Sgt. Hughes has bacteria meningitis  so i disinfected our female latrine and im writing an essay on meningitis for Sgt. Ski...."
"@MrsNewlywed  Sorry to hear that."
"is getting her hair did shortly! and hoping everything is going well for her friend currently getting surgery!"
"All I want is to see him tonight.  and I know it's not gonna happen."
"@tinchystryder   woooooo im seeing you in glasgow when you come, september is agessss away but"
"BTW, hey ppl. lol TGIF. Hopefully ur day is gr8. Mine is aight. Feeling like it kinda sux I got no plans 4 the wknd...."
"@simon__diamond brown but it looks black  at least its not red cos it would have looked like a period stain :/ &lt;3"
"@suziewi  lost luggage? Sorry to hear.  you should check out our selection of travel luggage here: http://budurl.com/9mua"
"@MsVanityQT Flirting! Ima good man with bad habits."
"I'm missing one of my diamond earrings. This makes me sad."
"@Bizfizz Damn damn and blast!  I'm at LMHR tomorrow and Sam out   Who is running it?  I could see if she could join next week?"
"Has research guilt as I spent the day feeling sorry for myself with a cold.... will need to spend significant time coding this weekend"
"I got the dispatch e-mail about my books an hour ago, and UPS' status is already 'Exception'."
"I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that this copy of Sims 2 works...last copy totally bit it hard."
"Plasma fail this afternoon--40 minutes of repeated needle stickage, adjustment, and pain.    At least I still got paid!"
"@tonyhawk I missed them at Red Rocks.  Sad couple of days."
"@142Staircases I seriously miss you and you're right! I already asked Justin to teach me, but he hasn't told me how to yet."
"@GeekySteph - I'm alright thanks pal, just bored witless, bored to hell, really wanna' go out somewhere!"
"@zeldman For me everything ok except install crashed at the end and now Safari crashes at every cmd+Q"
"Nic has no idea what he's going to do!  money is all gone!"
"@ASinisterDuck such a shit show"
"i think i need a drink"
"@YvonneBeasley sadly, i don't think we'll have a bunch of free ice cream this year"
"Thinks twitter doesn't like me"
"going out  I can't do this crap anymore :'("
"dissapointed in every way....confused... and damaged by the ugly love bug"
"dang it...looks like I have to work this weekend  they always do that at the last minute! n I really wanted some time to practice my talk"
"Ppl who smoke pot, are so f . . .n stupid. An instant turn off. drugs in general. why? seriously! ! ! why?"
"@BabyStowz yo wats up? how u doin 2day? u havnt answerd any of my replys"
"@My_Sweethearts Im following you but you aren't on my DM list  Can you try to DM me?"
"Pwnd from all sides"
"fighting again"
"I had a dream there was some kind of bug on my eye"
"@Jazziy showed my fluid decreasing slightly so doesnt look like Im getting out of this bed anytime soon  Ive got a follow up U/S next week"
"@MsUndrstood My sister is graduating too &amp; I can't afford to buy here anything"
"A delay until midnight  bloody thomson!!!!"
"@PuptownProducts Worried about our Arabelle. Tweet please. Or text."
"@juliedarling supposed to be visiting Austin Sun-Thurs..but not feeling well since vaca.  Would've said hello for sure!"
"@masterluke103 oh how the ladies will suffer now  LOL"
"I miss matt today"
"ahh my poor feeeeeet"
"What a bad day"
"@JonKress perhaps she will start including #magic in all of her tweets now too. BTW... you didn't write #magic in ur tweet to me."
"@sarahsss i wish i had friends i could spend the night with"
"The pentagram has rejected the offering"
"everybody is leaving work early except me"
"which was so UNLIKE the POs in oakland. they hated me"
"@jennhoots Well let's be blessed together then too! Yes, I feel better, but I would be sick again though if my little was spared."
"@Pink Oh I beg of you to add just a 3rd nite in Dublin in October... PLEEEEEEEASSSEEEEEEE"
"So tired   Last group of the day is performing now.. It's been an interesting one."
"Its two o clock in the morning!"
"Boingo connected without fuss this time, but it's slower'n snail piss...    (MDW, Food Count between Concourses A and B)"
"@Bri51NY Awww  that's no fun, did you take something?"
"My twitter is on c r a c k"
"storming outside"
"thank god for some overcast and ivory. Trying to get my mom to take me out to lunch egh doesnt look like its gonna work."
"I don't wanna do this presentation"
"i NEED MY fRYEND!"
"Ohai wilkes barre--scranton exit!  estimated arrival time: 7:22. TOO FAR AWAY."
"@andrewho why would u get in trouble with me, i did not follow the logic sorry"
"Dude my butt itches  but i cant scratch it cause ppl r here"
"About to get shot! Ow!"
"Worried about Bry, he has bronchitis and a sinus infection   Poor baby."
"TweetDeck is acting really strange! Hum........ reinstall maybe. Update on the horizon? Or is it just another Adobe memory leak"
"@websiteowner Thanks though - am trying to be positive!!  Wine may not be helping lol!!  Wish I could make the gigs....."
"@fanifang i did and i feel great....   but i still miss it..."
"@Xx_Elmo_xX awhh you alright ?"
"*sighs* My head hurts.  Does anyone know if you can mix Benadryl with Claritin if you're already taking it with Sudafed?"
"life should be exciting today but someone very close to me has mardy bum and its starting to rub off on me!!"
"@krystynchong Your still thinking?  Cheer up Buddy )"
"@Emma300 Oh I'm sorry hun  (((XXX)))) I'm fine thanks.....kids are driving me nuts, but hey ho, they're back to school on Monday!!"
"@egsa I knooooow.  I'm just down on myself today I guess. I'll work on catching up instead. It would take too long to get there now."
"@dkrleo1: aww im sorry honey.  that stinks"
"About to go pick up my roomate from the airport....no more house to myself."
"the people are coming to kill my mouse on monday    i have mixed emotions.  i mean, he lives in my desk drawer!!"
"@geeketteFi and I SIT HERE all on my own doing nowt  hmmpfff lol..have a good night"
"i ate waaaay to much candy today, i feel sick"
"@blairangela I don't want to  !!!! I am going to cry all the way home!!!"
"I have to say, I find it very hard selling on etsy.... sometimes discouraging"
"Darn it my DS died    x"
"fever's down. headache far worse, bad enough that light or sound make me want 2 cry.  new: wretched neck pain. im calling out to job#2"
"@JosephChapman Outlook not so good"
"Fiona is sad because there wasn't enought room in Megan's suitcase for her  http://apps.facebook.com/dogbook/profile/view/5163602"
"Am i really hyperventilating over my hair???  yes, i most certainly am."
"@Shansgrl have a good nap. Sorry bout the dumby at work."
"Its pouring and i have holes in my shoes"
"@shoemoney I'm more upset about the fact that 2010 is the last year"
"I need a new phone already  or i needa go to the store and see if they'll fix mine o.O"
"@Pappy60 Looks nice.... never knew VHS had such a short life span... hope my fav VHS is not dead"
"Installing a new hard drive! Gotta redo everything though"
"Twitter won't let me update online. My update box won't work."
"@tim_weber I wrote a leadership essay abt its founder. The expansion didn't went well, tried to break in America. Lots of money burned."
"i have dried up superglue on my thunb"
"Great. I let my friend use my ipod this morning and he uses it all day and kills the battery. So now i cant listen to demi."
"@kellichase  I'm sorry."
"meep. i cant text patrick back. babyyyyyy!"
"@GaltsGhost LMAO shush. with my illness comes the joys of multiple mouth ulcers, and i think they are coming back  they JUST healed"
"Sad. I don't know what to do with my life. Everything I have done since the age of 16 has been towards healthcare and nursing"
"having a bad day"
"My girl needs a hug! She lost here cell phone"
"had a great session canvassing in the sun... but now is miserable cus i have no1 to go to the pub with"
"@MrsNewlywed I am so sorry!!  That really sucks"
"ONLY 1 thing sucks about holidays: worrying about pets. Cats will be tgthr @ &quot;cat resort&quot; but Jonesy won't have much company @ dad-in-law"
"misses @laurencarll so much"
"twit twit twitter! trying to &quot;legally&quot; watch a movie online, its not happening"
"@alchemuse Oh noes.  Hope you feel better soon. My head sympathizes with yours."
"Thinking about all of the cleaning and organizing that needs to be done over the weekend!"
"@backseatsurfer9 Oy.  Get checked for ulcers please please please."
"I don't wanna go to work tonight."
"Yes!! Finally Friday...which tech means nothing to me since Im currently unemployed"
"@irgxana next time? I might not get there this time if the bus has anything to do with it"
"@DARRENJ0NES you poor thing   *hug*  plenty of aloe gel in summer eh?"
"@nevermore222 poor tony  come play scrabble on facebook!"
"http://twitpic.com/676hv - R.I.P Fristy just thinking abt her"
"On the plane to yosemite. Forgot my laptop at home"
"@rubberduckygirl Hey, sorry I didn't get in touch sooner! We didn't go by Bologna. It was out of our way"
"http://twitpic.com/676hz - It's raining  so chocolate world it is !"
"@btpl iTunes won't let you move songs from the touch onto the computer."
"@DazzlesPR oh phew you scared me. I wont have ANY access when im in mexico"
"Today I'm sad, my cat of 10 years has just stopped eating, and is very sick."
"Hey where my left nipple? She never respond bacc.."
"My parents wachting tv but it is terrible and there is nothing else  me so sad"
"@doverbey why aren't you showing up as a #spymaster in my screen?"
"Very sad that my camera is in the hands of the Geek Squad. 2-3 weeks!"
"hm seems to have been because my blog was marked as a phishing site"
"So.... the first day back to work = 300+ emails still to get through"
"it's summer time.... these gas prices are going up again"
"can't find any good version of 100 Monkeys song    ++ still doesn't get how to send message things on twitter."
"internet on trains is 100% awful!!!"
"I just got back to London to discover.....still no tickets"
"@momebie omginorite! I'd be all fancy and tophatted all the time, it's really too bad I can't grow a handlebar moustache.."
"Thinking bout maddies comments"
"@cameo1172 i feel u  but its sooo close to me hard not to  but i cant so no point ugh"
"Washing The Dishes :S iTs So hard 2 be Me"
"Cried Like A Fukn Baby Today Durin Da Senior Show...Ima Miss All My Senior Friends"
"I hurt my foot in gym class."
"@jaclynracpan ouch acid reflux hurt too..."
"ROTC brought a climbing wall to work for coworkers to try and climb if they wanted.  I forgot my climbing shoes at home today."
"I had a nightmare last night *cry* I think I am scarred for life!"
"@PushPlayDEREK not all of them  You'll be missing mine and everybody else's on the east coast!!!!!"
"Maybe if I pay somebody they'll take care of me. I need a personal nurse."
"In other news: I want to register for this Artslam thing but I'm too afraid.  I'll just do it independently I suppose."
"@modulista You're in Miami right? I don't see a hand delivery in your near future unfortunately"
"@spencerkat a twitter app for the iphone/iPod touch. It's being slow though"
"Everyone stop what you're doing &amp; help me find my favorite pen. Its a black clicky Papermate. I heart this pen.     #fb"
"@arian_marie i'm so sorry to hear about your loss  my thoughts and prayers are with your family in your time of grief."
"@AnarchyGarden I was going to go on Sunday, but now I've got too much going on that weekend"
"If recent experience is anything to go by, I fear I might be going off Indian food. This is not good, people. Not good"
"Without wings again"
"@buky thanks, still waiting... i don't know what's taking him so long - is it a bad sign or good sign?"
"@DanSer4Gsus i know. But."
"YAYAYYAYAYAY Toy Story 3 is coming out. June 18, 2010 though"
"@stephxrawr ehhh no. just a check up. I have a dentist app next week though. getting my molar pulled/root canal."
"that's a whole lot of rainstorm goin' on.  Maybe I won't go out tonight..."
"@repressd yeah freakin sucks!!"
"Wife &amp; I split duties tonight.Wife headed to OSU for daughter's ath trng rcption. I'm at son #1's school paper banquet.Can't make both."
"Somebody buy me a plane ticket home!! I miss my girl..."
"@greggrunberg I fee your pain its lady Ga Ga and It will drive you insane oh dear God her songs are in my head"
"elliott claims steak and shake has been doing this for months...not exciting anymore..."
"@trueblooddallas Dallas, I have a few Questions for you but, can't direct to you cause your not following me"
"@AQuietMadness You don't think they will catch them? God yeah can you imagine how they're feeling"
"wish i could go rink sorry kayleigh  xx"
"my pooooor baby (my dog chachi)  she had surgery todayyyyy"
"- im hungry...but there's no food at mah house."
"one hour till I go home and commence pouting because no Bahama trip for me"
"My best friend is in vegas without me"
"@SassyLassie3 My #followillfriday sucks because while I was teaching people how to be nice, you fuckers were drooling over Notion"
"@Saz_xox  Oh god, everyone's dying.  But it's mainly justin depressing me"
"Heyy, Im Not feeling so good cuz of wat happened yesterday in the car accdentt."
"@tlockemy I do too, but not heavy rain, which we've had 4 more than a wk."
"Almost to grandmas now. No internet there. I will never catch up on twitter."
"@EeepersChoice I'd rather she not, if she's going to destroy them."
"quick catch up on missed Neighbours ... poor Libby"
"is sad that she is not seeing Basshunter at Metroplex this weekend"
"Aw crap! My iPod has a thin, gray line across the screen! Didn't drop it - I take good care of it. How long before it dies?"
"last night sucked... too many bad dreams about spiders and rogue octupi"
"I am so bored"
"still shoesless  que ardillaaaaaaaaaaaa!"
"Welcome @MarcCall !!! Let me suggest to you @fakejohnpiper and @fakepastormark. You'll love 'em! In other news, my algae fish died today"
"Sucky Sucky homework"
"having bad day"
"Why do I always have a headache?"
"insomniaa.  been trying to sleep for 2 hours . :|"
"@DawnRichard at least your luggage came. I came back from Paris and the airlines lost all my luggage..."
"Trying Resco MobileForms Toolkit and sample. Trial messages ruin everything, the sample has bugs, it's running slow. Poor 1st impression."
"@lkingratedr oo wow f u lionel ull d.a. do tha"
"@dougiemcfly join the club dougie i have a cold too  x"
"Twitter is slowing me down today."
"@Gr8ttoess I'm sad you got one hiding it  LMAO"
"@trashlee i can't today   after my little tanning sesh i got so much shit to do. next week for sure if your down"
"I realized last night that I have no idea where my PnS went to during the move... I hope it's not lost and gone forever"
"@icebergmeadow No but this is our poor week"
"gah. how am i supposed to study when all i do is sneeze and get even more tired."
"@letter2twilight LMAO! I don't fake being Paris anymore. Look at my bio ;) and by the way I can't log onto your forum..."
"Britains got talent only two episodes left  Will miss them buzzers lol."
"@stashdrawer Sims 2 owns my life lately! LOL I want to get Sims 3, but my computer can't support it."
"to start shit or leave shit alone...tough decision"
"Last free Friday."
"@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?"
"@ericbolling Where's Dani Babb?"
"I'm SO out of it this morning, that don't know if coffee or energy drink will help me get going this morning"
"so im drawing pictures to show how much i miss him. can anyone blame me, hes 4 hours away frm me"
"Its official, I am working Sunday in DC."
"You spelled my name wrong, but message received   http://tinyurl.com/krw9p3"
"@jonasbrothers brazil LOOOOOOOOVES you, i miss you  24th may, the perfect day off"
"Dreading the weekly grocery shopping."
"no run today...     tomorrow, I'll take Lilly (the lab) and shoot for 7."
"Just got in a bit of a car accident, poor Patrick"
"@kaecie76 mines ben slow since last night, think i might need to reset it"
"@bethanyNYC SO jealous...see if you can get some Dallas concert tix out of her...it's all sold out!!"
"Grizzly Bear Concert tonight!!!!! Can't wait. Will my cold be over by then though?"
"I didn't make madrigals  I don't think i made womens chamber. i don't even think i remembered to mark it on my audition form. im depressed"
"@RikaReek my vehicle is STILL being worked on which means I won't get it bak until tuesday! I miss my baby"
"yay! got to order more diapers from @clothcouturellc i'm confused though. what's the point of cute prints if they have to be covered up?"
"@carostilwell I'm praying for you and your family beav! I'm so sorry for your loss"
"urgh, over slept for work, still done no revision and im SO snappy today. having a total fat day too"
"Can not afford the DR this year. I just can't pull it off this time."
"It's about time I let people know whats happenning, although I often wonder why I bother   but hey it'll soon be Christmas........"
"Organic chemistry  ah so confusing!"
"I am not feeling well"
"@DavidGibbons Thanks for the link. I've been out of NY, missed many non-online bills so know how badly my score's been hit"
"@RedFaction The stream is amazing so far. Will it be up for download later, sadly enough, I missed the first hour of it."
"Thunder &amp; lightning scarededededed me!"
"@goddessgreeneye i know but it will make us all watch the awards on sunday! lol..i want to shower and there is no water!"
"@sarah6800 why r y depressed?  i mite b moving earlyer than i thot"
"@LIL_MISS_CBW Sorry!  It's been one hell of a day.  I has flooding"
"Waiting for friends to call or email me bleh i feel unloved"
"is wondering y Mother Nature is making my life miserable"
"They raised the prices at work which means people are tipping less. Yay"
"@InEveryWordISay no cuz i feel the same way...."
"@Secretfriend3 I sure hope so but I might spend all my shopping money today."
"gosh, watchin cosmetic surgery nightmares on ITV , it is AWFUL"
"@TheTarquin I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"PRD take a long time to review!"
"@MItchBenn ooo and good luck for dundee tonight i can't be there cos i have a ton of uni work"
"Playing some games before I leave for work   Work til at least 11PM tonight."
"@jeffieruth OMG, POOR Jack.  That happened to @jisbellemtp 's dog one time. Hope he gets better soon."
"This is too much lmbo (litterally) I have to stop b4 I lose my twitter buddies"
"researching ecologically friendly carrier bags... its not cheap to be eco friendly"
"@snakechaarmer yea, it's looking like we may be a no-show  I havnt been able to get out of my art/sci obligations."
"Cucumbers. Mmm not so much ugh"
"@BenSpark heck, who am I kidding, he's better with a camera than I am, that's for sure! LOL He likes video too but he dropped his vid cam"
"Don't really feel like I got a tan  I gave up and am working out instead. Skin cancer is overrated. &lt;3 CJ"
"Whew. Finally done editing my Friendster account. Haha! Oh, geez. I'm hungry."
"walking past the school i went to junior high in as it's being torn down"
"No 1 evr brngs me a starbux!   *~CoRiEoGrApHy~*"
"Gettin some fuel, too bad no one is reading this!"
"Think I have sunstroke."
"my baby's off on his adventure. 14.5 hours in the car up to Lake Ann Mi. I admit it. I cried a little when the truck pulled out..."
"@xkathyxrocksx  SAimee 26 july, Underage festival 2 August, i found some others but they were too far away"
"Damn, I Burned My legs  !x"
"wishing I had brought my USB fan to work   air_circulation++"
"@TiaMowry I think you and Tamera should have your own show anyway...the CW or ABC fam is not appreciating you like they should."
"I'm at home recovering from major liver surgery.  In alot of pain."
"@iamdiddy I NEED A HUG! IM MOVING HOUSE ALL BY MYSELF AND IM MAJORLY STRESSED"
"@edsaint  take some tablets- could be migraine"
"now feels like a dork for using the wrong Ping group"
"@KMC1121 lolz dude I have to stop it got too personal my homegirl my be on twitter  lol"
"@Kasey79 I didnt get his  tweet"
"Sometimes knowledge is not a good thing.    http://digg.com/d1sPp7"
"@iamthenoface I'm having no luck either  Doing my nut in! Who are you hoping to see?"
"@ecnmst I'm doing all of Russia today! Because I'm cracking on with Economics tommorow  I'm retaking aswell :/"
"@titotheceo hahaha omg i only got 3 hrs of sleep"
"@Anticiplate man, I am really sorry"
"(2/2) everything but finacially we just dont have it"
"has burnt my hand on the cooker, it hurts"
"Every part of my body aches   I'm tryin' so hard not to throw up"
"@SophieeeeLouise How do you vote? I'm on the website but can't find how to vote."
"@Ross_C I can't find the original on blip.fm and the Ex Models version, not so much..."
"@samluminate oh how i wish there were chick a filas by me  i'm definently jealous."
"@Twisuz  i think my niece got me sickee  lame."
"-was just told by Dan to NOT say anything anymore...  -now im super sad =("
"Cloudy today"
"@NickyDiamonds  haha I do, lake show will prob win. But I learned my lesson from my 18-1 pats"
"Cannot tweet. Eyes still dilated from morning eye exam. Am on verge of bifocals, and so is @adravan"
"i need to get my computer fixed"
"@XJakeXChaosX they prob are sold out.    all i wanted was to see them for my bday lol"
"really really really hopes jordyn will be okay"
"@cathrynbray sorry"
"toooo much outside killen my eyes"
"My poor laptop got a &quot;rogue malware&quot; visitor on it &amp; isn't working properly    BIG Bummer!"
"I think I've never been so tired in my entire life. Gotta go now, I've got some homework to do"
"I have SUCH a headache right now. I really need to get better!"
"All done. No more internship."
"yea i'm gonna need to put the blunt down"
"@SPAMponesALL I have to work  but I'll just watch it later.. even though it's not the same."
"Babysitting the little kids! I cant believe the year is over!"
"Bah, tea and toast for me because my stomach is not happy   The tea is yummy though..."
"Well, my aunts dog died. I understand how devastated she is. I'll probably head over there soon for support"
"On the way to the dentist."
"@heatherlilly what's follow Friday?? Lol."
"@katdrabeck that song is soooooo hot! i want to go but might have to wrk - i think my mgr is pissed - should have worked last night"
"@roxannakate I need to buy it for the iPhone. It's such a good app. Only works on WI-FI though"
"@TCSLive That storm seems to be coming my way"
"It's so cold out there! I've just lost my wallet"
"he keeps makingfun of my typos!"
"@theroomstops Urm, ouch, that sucks. You need crutches?  What happened? I hope you get/feel better soonest!"
"@gulpanag thats pretty bad quality and probably the worst pic u posted till date"
"@Agent_M aww why psn?"
"@mileycyrus WHAT THAT'S NOT FAIR I CAN'T VOTE IT SAYS THE VOTING IS CLOSED  BUT I DID VOTE EVERYDAY WHEN I COULD VOTE LIKE 20X'S"
"unhappy about the news that the planned (experimental) ITER fusion reactor will become much delayed... 2025"
"That didn't take long.. A fragment of bone did not heal to the major bone, it is now being reabsorbed by my body, may need fix in future"
"I am like 20 feet from @aplusk (ashton kutcher)'s movie set &amp; trailers... but he is nowhere in sight!"
"Good morning world! I feel really sick."
"Umm after schooL , at subway w. My mom ; nothing to do planss are ruined"
"@courtneyreece I know how you feel. My head is getting stuffier and stuffier, and it is not fun."
"@misulqa i didnt but was close to it. i'm pretty sure i'll be crying when this school year is over though  we all weill be crying."
"@cbarrett just something different than all the text around it.  There's no difference whatsoever"
"I totally forgot my phone at home this morning"
"i have such a hard time talking to new people -  I am pretty sure I didn't make a good impression....."
"is hungry, twitter.  i want food. &lt;/3"
"@g33kguy @alisonwaring Looks like the nap will have to wait. I'm still waiting on the poor guy"
"@hwilliams3782 thanks, it's a job that pays the bills and nothing new except for the 15 sec trailer...I keep looking but nothing else"
"Help. My computer has a virus. I had to place my Etsy shop into vacation mode until I can sort this out. I don't know WHAT to do!"
"3 shots of espresso aaaaand....nothin'."
"@tommcfly (2) in commentary @flahmanow , I was with her, was sad, very sad"
"@shawin I've been using the Sennheiser CX 300 earbuds for 8 months and I love them.  Don't know if they're available in MU though."
"@AmyDeWitt You have arthritis in them?  Really??  Poor you  That would be painful - but you can't be that old.  How many squats did u do"
"@TDRFarmer Are you going to the game tonight? There is so much excitement today that I'm feeling left out. Have other plans"
"At hospital.. Uncle is in surgury after heart attack"
"What was I going to do? i've forgotten."
"i am having serious problems concentrating on this press release this afternoon...i have sleepy eyes right now"
"The parking meter computed 25 plus 25 is 40. I got jipped! And the 10 free minute button didn't work."
"Dreaming about cuddling your lady and waking up alone isn't fun"
"@ditzynicky my knee is hurting so bad im limping...so we get to suffer through work together"
"i still DON'T have the internet @ home  FUCK"
"Anybody have advice on who to use for printing biz cards besides Overnight (bad experience) &amp; PsPrint, each biz card = sep. project ="
"Need to take my laptop to see a specialist... It keeps going off every now and then... thisk it's getting too hot... don't know"
"@kchasesimmons unfortunetly no  I wish, I mean sometimes like twice a yr they'll have a party, but not always"
"How I wish I wish I did not eat that....burger."
"I'm at work it's super slow and my baby is far away from me. All around crappy day."
"Tried Nokia's Ovi music store: &quot;Nokia Music does not currently support the Mozilla Firefox (Mac OS X) browser on your operating system&quot;"
"I may have come down with something; we're almost out of tissues!    this is not a good season  http://tinyurl.com/nccqya"
"absolutley gutted i am this ill when a) it's this sunny outside and b) i have shit loads of revision to do for my c) exam on tuesday"
"@JNez I hear that, we've missed so many films due to insufficient fundage: Watchmen, Dark Knight, Star Trek."
"I hate exam time. I want my life back  Also I want the ability to revise back - if I ever had that ability, that is."
"@FlowerDust I'm bummed...you're gonna be only 30 minutes from me on Sunday &amp; I can't come hear ya."
"Is in serious pain."
"Doesn't want to go to work"
"Laying ALONE!! Since Mook's soo comfy in his f'n play pen. I thought it was ill at first now I don't have no one to cuddle with..."
"@shaydakiss doesnt look good  we have to go burn some lampions"
"man, its weird, Mom's cooking is giving me so much nutrition but also so much unladylike gas"
"noooooooo...another headache...hopefully not a migraine"
"In French trois, nobody is sitting next to me. I feel a little lonely..."
"Feeling the pain from the accidente.   not feeling too good"
"@shopronson I have placed an order with the HOH people, but they are taking forever to process it!  Cant wait to start selling it. xo"
"@GH_Confidential I tried to use Spinelli to turn him on to GH, but it didn't really work"
"Omg after all this searching, still can't find what I am looking for."
"i wish i was going to be with my ST girls tomorrow"
"I believe a man died in a car wreck today just right down the road.  It happened at 12 and at 2 he was still in the car."
"&quot;@tracecyrus&quot;have you the e-mail from Miley ???? I want to write with her but I cant"
"just tried a billion times to get through to @MandyyJirouxx on say now"
"Migranes suck....Especially when the kids are suddenly hyper."
"@cupcake_rachel Home alone and my cat isn't even in."
"@melzygirl you have no interview today?"
"@Juggernautt I broke my ipod"
"bored, no one is on \line to talk to"
"i want to go to music tonight but i lost my voice."
"Sicky sicky  sucks on such a lovely day"
"@PokerAuthority I broke up with Christian Bale when he played Batman"
"CREDIT CARDS ARE NO FUN WHEN THEY ARE MAXED OUT!!!!"
"STUPID!!!! my ipod is taking forever to load."
"I bought a Leica M8, charger arrived DOA. Called Leica,  got transferred around and left a VM.  atleast the RF isn't misaligned..."
"Brad Paisley+Alison Krauss- Whiskey Lullaby...so sad  but its awesome!"
"grrrr youtube wont let me watch the @Jonasbrothers chat again"
"Just went a bought the bigest redbull i could find. its going to be a long day at the office"
"@goodbyeblueskyy everything okay?"
"I got a headache"
"Lookin' at spreadsheets so long my eyes are crossing..."
"Only one more day left of Ramona  I will miss the cast soo much!"
"@Philip5150 at the #manics gig.  Toasting your speedy recovery - sorry you can't be here"
"Havin a bad weed first wisdom teeth then ran out of weed now I might be getting sick . . . if only i had more weed"
"@platea sorry @platea friends - I'm swamped with deadlines right now and we have family visiting to boot! No charades for me."
"frustrated. I just found out our sitter isn't avail. tonight. now what? no TKD test 4 me I guess  good thing I'm married to the instructor"
"I'm not looking forward to the crazy commute come with everything that's going on down here"
"Just got Dailybooth and not sure what to do. It's confusing!"
"I want to be in love......."
"@RyanSmithLLC you didn't say you were leaving yesterday! You won't see me at the house anymore once you get back... tear tear"
"it's friday but i have to work the weekend"
"I'm going to have Zydrate Anatomy stuck in my head for the rest of my life. It makes me miss Chelsea. She always liked Graverobber."
"Graduating from high school tonight  im kind of sad.."
"Another friend knocked up.   Pretty soon everyone will have kids. Goodbye carefree youth!"
"@reverz - nice how the lifelock suit was brought by experian basically to reduce processing costs caused by ppl who don't want id theft"
"sick on wifes bday= double"
"the suns starting to go in  im getting coldddd!"
"@kkozmic Sorry but there is no parking space. And I just realized I didn't delete one sentence doing copy&amp;paste in that email"
"Ugh! I wanna play dnd but i know i'm going to fail this final. I NEED to study"
"Oh good. I get to be the gooseberry all night now that katy isn't coming"
"Practically my whole body burns... I can't bend over or make any sudden movements with my arms"
"@LisetteRosalie the worst kind of news"
"@FrugalGaming i can see the box but when i type and submit nothing happens. ive turned off pop up thingy too"
"around...takin it easy tonight b/c i'm still sick"
"SMH @ PPL WHO ONLY TWIT U UP ON FRIDAYS B/C U GOT 100+ FOLLOWERS AND THEY'RE STILL BANKING 15-20  #NOFAKERY"
"just found out that my husband's grandma fell down the stairs &amp; is at the hospital with several broken bones...praying hard!"
"New chic just texted me saying &quot;Thanks for the e-mail&quot; but didn't answer to my question, might need to look for newer chic now"
"Is wondering why my messages aren't going anywhere ;( I am trying to learn how to tweet &amp; it isn't turning out so hot"
"is missing training tonight, the lurgy is on my chest"
"@davilivingston I don't know, I noticed that happens to me sometimes too."
"@SU2C unfortunately I am stuck at work so I can't get said prize"
"@vlynn8 It's been raining the past few days but it was actually sunny today! Well, for a little while. Now it's super cloudy!"
"My pen just blew up in my hand. There's ink everywhere. I am now a walking Rorschach test."
"@rachelyn082909 i think i ordered a few days after you. Maybe you got something that was on backorder?"
"Well, of course the envelope I have for the book I need to mail is too small...if it had fit....what fun would that be."
"@burdr &quot;Restoration of the site would also take place as part of the Banks proposals&quot; - after the birds have gone? Avocets there this yr"
"@zoe__  that's not good! hope you get better soon and good luck with the exams!"
"@xtfrtalr what's that supposed to mean?! Thats not good"
"@pete_brown Damnit, I accidentally put @scottgu instead of @realscottgu in my #FollowFriday"
"i used to have an ozzy osbourne pillow with his face on it. my mom threw it out. i miss that thing."
"@trpilot im feel verey tired  madry chasawy 9j !!!!!!!!!"
"@ROHonHDNet Why do you guys use camera angles that make it look like there are only 200 people in the building?"
"At the doctor's office, waiting for Dr. Sufka to see me. Tired of being sick  hope everyone else is having better Friday than me."
"My comp is being slo w"
"@dougiemcfly  stuck from tom i guess...  hope you get well soon.... wishess...."
"Ahh its so gloomy out  I'm pretty sure I just heard thunder eeeeeeek."
"@Squirrel84 dude there is no sun here."
"GASP] pulleaase dont hate me if u ask me a question and i dont answer you ... at any given time. i just cant see you! sorry"
"@fpudude10 its so sad how dead it is."
"@VRGURUS What you said is as good as day dreaming!  sorry to say that our country is in such a state...."
"Whoo, BGT!! I really must multi-task and do my Art work at the same time though, back at College on Monday!!"
"@fishhhface CASEY'S GONE?!?! BUT WHY?! So, she piddled a little on the carpet. She's prolly freaked cause it's new. Can we get her back?"
"Babysitting in the sun and heat. I'm getting lots of freckles"
"@burrrbank ah wait! we can only go if you can get us to and from cos my mom's tires are nonlong distance till she can buy some new ones."
"@Steve_Sanderson What's with Twatter lately?  Either I can't get on or the replies don't turn up!"
"@ChrisLAS never tried to FTP to S3, but I use FireFTP (Firefox browser addin) ... no mention of S3 support on their site though."
"@sthig, you make baby jeebus cry"
"ughhhh.... sad day."
"@MIssKatherine Omg granddads bday was epic lol. &amp; no i havent heard anything yet so i dont think"
"lacey is alright though. quite a few gashes, and she keeps her tail between her legs"
"videos will be frozen until actual views catch up to the published,  artificial, view count - OOFM was already frozen when we got to it"
"Aaahhh I'm just so busy. Sorry everyone."
"@marginatasnaily i missed the sun as was too busy gettin hot and bothered in the shops  will have to make up for it at the weekend! x"
"having a good day at work lots of sales but boss is under foot.   she's a nice person but i dont like the boss bugging me"
"@LeighanneReena Nice...I'd like to be there...but it's too far...  I'm from Brazil... kisses and have a nice day!!!"
"Darn all of you! I wish i could watch bgt now, but if i did i wouldn't be able to fast forward through the ads  + dinners very soon.."
"need a break...my head hurts"
"@maryvictoria did you get fired?  *hugs*"
"Having serious technical issues in the studio  oh well thank god for the technician"
"@johnhayato I love Overnight. And they've worked with me on printing/shipping issues.  sorry it didn't work out for you."
"My phone does not work in the DONS"
"@0oze you always appear on the, like, 10 minutes a week I'm not here"
"This day will pass slowly.  All of these days will.  RAWR!!!!  ..."
"there's no point in bein on here if no one else in on"
"@bobbyvoicu Now that sucks...  P?i ?i s? �n?eleg c? Jay Leno nu va mai avea o alt? emisiune sau ceva?"
"@pauljchambers Spending a weekend doing nothing but being domestic ? You said it!"
"Its hott out. I think i shall go swimming. Eh i feel empty had my dermals removed and took out some other piercings."
"I just finished my 2nd to last box of nerds!!!"
"@nick_carter Wish me happy birthday? my eyes are tearing"
"feels better now that she ate. Doesnt want to be here until 9:30."
"Waiting for Natie to come online I miss him."
"@prsvr Ok then  ...I was doing fine..now not so much lol"
"@ddlovato hey how is everything going? please reply back. sometimes i think you hate me because you never reply back to me"
"made an appointment for the cat to see the vet in the morning. He seems kind of thin and needs a checkup anyway."
"wearing a pair of trousers that were loose last year, tight this year"
"made my dad kool aid and it taste like shit"
"Haven't eaten all day  I need food..."
"@aeayling my poor baby I think it's allergies! Can I do amything about it bc he's been that way sence monday"
"@cam_reed i feel so bad that happened to you  did the police find the guy that did it? are u gonna get your stuff back?"
"@LostMyHeart Gourmet pizza = BLEH. Pizza is SUPPOSED to be greasy and filthy. You can't eat pizza that's been prepared by a chef."
"had plans with people but they cancelled...now what to do?"
"My throat hurts bad.  tonight is going to be fun."
"been busy at work, now must run before traffic is too bad."
"is supposed to go to an Aztex game tonight but is not sure she'll be able to make it"
"@dmbdork had to give him an ultimatum... don't think it's gonna go the way I want, but I had to do it"
"today sucks so far  god please make it bettterrrrr"
"My knee is killing me"
"i have nothing to do except right a eassy due on monday D: :[ :{  ]: }:"
"...yup..still havent packed"
"ugh, i dont feel like going to work today"
"@LeighanneReena Gosh...who's doing this??? So bad...  Baylee is a blessed child...these people don't know what to do... Kisses"
"got an ear infection...man that sh*t hurts!"
"@tommcfly apparently were not as good as the Brazillians tho'"
"homeee! my feet are sore"
"My dog is officially depressed that my brother's dogs are gone. He doesn't want to go outside and when we did, he play half-heartedly."
"ugh. i just want things to go back to normal. i miss my best friend"
"It rains and it sucks so much because it's the second day in a row"
"Stupid fucking car service never came - now I only have 30 minutes to make it to the airport. Wish me luck yall..."
"Everytime i have a bruise, @marcuselzey can't stop hitting it on accident."
"not having a good day..one bad thing after another"
"okay someplease save me!!! now I am watching ninja warrier and eating an egg roll from last night"
"Im a bad blogger!! I have not blogged in weeks~ oops!"
"not going out with them. there is another fatty i like and hopefully ill see him in when i'm in cali in 8 days. if hes not upset with me."
"I wanna crawl under my desk and take a nap  nvrmind its dirty =/"
"@aneffie53  thx, I was aware,  2 day festival -multi bands - but GA I can't do any more.  Must wait for a sit down concert"
"@Laura_lou27 i have moved through to edinburgh from glasgow - new flat, no phone line or broadband"
"@cwardzala Ironically, that thought goes through my head (no pun intended) for *every* headache I have...  Hope it goes away soon."
"@corylamb i was going tonight, but you never wrote me back with the info  im sososo sad..."
"Tryin to upload a new pic but this shit says its too big"
"@mileycyrus I'd love to, but i'm all the way in India."
"Freaking #2 horse crushed my dreams!  Tear....."
"my entire body hurts.  shower, hot tea and tv please.."
"@jesslo24 oh no Jess I hope the person is ok"
"Sometimes, twitter makes me feel like an outsider.."
"Sparty's just shut down the McDonel site. Looks like I lose some hours"
"@TearBear7   Bummer.  I hope it doesn't continue too long."
"@donthateitskate  please don't"
"i need sweets, drank my cyderrrrrrrrr"
"so sleepy! boyfriend's leaving for the weekend"
"Looks like no diamond ball for me"
"@chilkotardis I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"Picked up Luna from the vet. She looks like she's been crying  I'm not kidding. Her lashes are wet and she has tear trails. My poor bebe!"
"Took me 2 times to get over the wall. What killed me was the 150 lb dummy that you can't drag. 12  seconds over."
"@SherriEShepherd Wish you were doing one in San Francisco!"
"@mattiej Sorry ur so swamped w/ work!!  TGIF!!! Glad #Pens play Sat &amp; Sunday!!"
"@mileycyrus EVERYONE VOTE FOR MILEY CYRUS FOR THE MTV MOVIE AWARDS BECAUSE I CAN'T THAT DOESN'T WORK AT ME I'M #FRUSTRADED :@"
"Can feel a headache growing."
"@Handroll That didn't work, unfortunately."
"Surgery."
"@PhillyD http://twitpic.com/679tn ...Dude.....how could you?"
"Back at homes hmm.. i rly am going to miss my boo for 2 days like wtf"
"Hmm, $25 to see the Decemberists, but I have to go to Raleigh on a work night... or $95 for cheap seats to the Bolshoi? Probably neither"
"Yes we had four gas leaks in our house in the 3 yrs we lived here- that's what u get for buyin an old house"
"@savvybride  That's no good. I'm sorry"
"not certain if it's good to be back home or not.  dropping of car rental now though"
"yes! its finally friday, and im stuck doing projects"
"i REALLY hope my parents don't make me stay home for being sick"
"@xShefSx omg my ID aint come back yet  im sooo worried it best be bk by next week or il screamm!!! lmao and yeah u choose! its ur bday x"
"@CocaBeenSlinky sorry  LOL"
"Ugh.. apparantly doc authorized my refills on tuesday (and ready to be picked up), but the order status online still says waiting review."
"Is sad when people's phones are dead"
"On my way to LA. Running a little bit late"
"@RetroRewind That is the 3rd NKOTB contest that Canadians can't enter   The overseas fans have theirs now!  It's bound to be our turn!"
"i keep reading contracts as cataracts... Someone should bring me panera"
"@JinBeautiful so i'm screwed"
"@iamdiddy  I love you and Day 26 but that video was questionable... can't say that I liked it"
"SCHOOL IS FINALLY OVER NO MORE TEST OR WORK YES!!!!!!! But im gunna miss alot of ppl"
"@ORANGESTOAPPLES Well, don't point and laugh if I mess up or die of nervousness."
"after a great day at work with the kids, disappointment with my roof decal"
"@anotorias lol what bothers me is that i'm messing with my metabolism   drinking lots of water pretending its different food, Mmmm grapes!"
"I don't feel so good after eating all that food  ugh."
"@Jen_Walker21 sadly no, I'll be going to the killumbus show. I really want to but no one wants to drive me there"
"@Thorney88 i have tried Bulmers Pear Cider - Yuk and it made me bad for a few days!!"
"@rawritsria just got a text by now the one on michigan is empty, dont know about state street yet"
"http://bit.ly/UnRyF  I want this, but..."
"hasn't had time to go on twitter since working full time!"
"@ilyChrisBreezy lol awww lol i will i can't do it now lol cauz i have to work  but i will make one and tell you love you 2 oxoxoteambreezy"
"oh no noisy family who live next door are back from holiday  there goes my peace and quiet"
"OMG  I BROKE DOWN AND HAD PIZZA BECAUSE I WAS STRESSED OUT  @Thefatboys @theunclelouie @princemarkiedee you mad at me?"
"@dabusStop thats terrible  I enjoy being with you every minute!"
"@MandyyJirouxx: I live in germany, it costs a lot too!  I wish you could follow me anyway.."
"@amandalaur i know right, that's so weak  but the g1 seems most like the sk i think. latonya is lamesauce, just call her that from now on"
"@iViva I have trouble updating!!!"
"@crystalchappell &quot;we'll do lunch&quot;  uhh...indoors though we are having a thunderstorm rolling in"
"I wish I could get my nails done  stupid job"
"just threw up"
"Twitter has spoiled all the fun. Frustratingly slow!!  couldnt even bid properly!"
"Working.  I can't wait till 4:30. Funeral on monday."
"needed my semi-gay best friend to go shoe shopping with me tonight. Alas he is nowhere to be found."
"Had a little fight with My Best Friend   What should I Do?!?"
"I have softball"
"ugh, not sure i have the patience or remaining intelligence at this point in the day (week?) to refactor and rewrite this package of code"
"@officialjman thanks for wishing me luck a couple of weeks ago on getting into a higher choir, but i didn't make it"
"I seriously need to find out why my laptop sometimes gets so hot. BBL after errands &amp; pricing &quot;comp fixes&quot;. Not many places left 4 that."
"When someone edit your designs is called plagiarism right??, but what can you do??, I'm tired, exhausted and dissapointed"
"@roflcopterfail except the fact that it's been raining since Wednesday, and not supposed to stop till Monday. ew."
"@TerriZSoloCEO and here I didn't think you had a cruel bone in your body ... torturing me with sunshine...hmph"
"@MissLaura317 Aww internet  But yeah .. he did say he wanted applause after every take he did. Careful what you ask for lol. AHH *twitch*"
"Hate fighting"
"@DutchRaymond gay marriage isn't legal everywhere here."
"@pokeyp I saw that you were calling but cannot answer as I'm in the second hour of a phone convo with my mom and she won't stop talking"
"@darkmindedsith Damn it. I can't film it. Nevermind"
"getting sick  cough. cough."
"Whew! I literally shopped till I dropped....and sprained my ankle.  Ugh...do you see the sacrifices I make for you??"
"Im @ the dentist  ....scary people here..."
"@Ms_AliceV No  None in the house and I'm not sure i should drive to the coffee stand. It's worse than I thought it would be."
"@LisaTalkingTots So sorry to hear your terrible news   Thinking of you all x"
"NO MORE MSHS!!!!!!!! Gotta go to work...too tired"
"@saydiemason Well i don't what we should do"
"Ok. Over exagerrated. Twitter is not to bad.... I guess."
"Is Watching Britains Got Talent, &amp; Is biting her nails. Please don't come off black nail varnish"
"@jerricklim Well, perhaps that's because I don't find my life fabulous"
"i can't find my woody and buzz toys  but i've got my bullseye teddy! @tommcfly do you have toy story toys? 8-)"
"I'm stuffed n can't move"
"hates broken promises.  http://plurk.com/p/x2l3e"
"@smdarie Ahhh I miss you!! I had DQ the other night without you...it broke my heart a bit"
"Kam just called.  She, Emmy &amp; Laloo went to the Barn.  On their way back now and Keltin is in atomic meltdown mode.  That's a LONG drive"
"I feel bad for John and Kate. And the 8."
"@BingTheCherry he's on zul'jin (i think that's how you spell it) so i doubt they'll ever meet"
"I don't want to go to the 3-hour lecture"
"Auto uit de running... One down, one yet to build"
"Hours of refusal upon realisation that tomorrow's #Morrissey gig at Brixton is postponed.   Only been looking fwd to that for 6 monthsish"
"after mad calls..txt..fb msgs my homie finally calls me back I was so worried..I think I care far 2 much..but if anything happened 2 them"
"Frak. I like sunshine, but I do NOT like heat headaches  shame, because today was lovely otherwise."
"When it rains it pours. Life sucks"
"I don't know what im doing :S"
"is wondering what happened to all those froggies at the potato farm!"
"man iCant send love on Bebo. Cuz im on Skoo Comps. UGH! thiss sucks."
"@DionneSouth but they weren't that good  I see the cuteness factor getting them through though. #bgt"
"@danger_skies  cus it all got too much attention in the end, shes embarrased and i think it just got outta hand a bit poor girl  xX"
"Hey, @jonaknt I'll be in sa then  maybe if we cross highways we can grab lunch?"
"But ... but ... who will produce the next Starsailor record?"
"@tdwnds1 No problem. At least look on the floor. We won't see the banana skin in our brains ... I step on it once, almost got killed"
"I have when my plans are messed up. Now i'm stuck at home"
"@tommcfly tweet me, have a convo i will tell you whats happening in BGT!did you watch the final of lost? i was like noo dont end it there"
"My baby is no longer a Kindergartener...   Today was her last day."
"Doh! I was hoping to get a book for the missus but exclusive books are closed"
"-- I won't feel guilty and like I should be revising stuff after today, haha"
"@mandyyjirouxx don't forget to follow emma from london = @teamcyrus like you said you would! I wish you aswered my calls  it cost me �14"
"car broken probably for good"
"Doctor's appointment at 4:30 because my blood pressure is high. Really?! Already?!"
"@miabatsoy awww...i hope you'd be well na sis....it's so disgusting to be sick  better take the rest that you need...charge up...mwah!"
"Oh..Summer begins..yay..  The fighting, Crying and stress has started with the kids..It's only been 3 hrs since they got out."
"@tommcfly maybe you could go outside to meet some fans?  im not even from sao paulo, im from rio, but.. idk, just saying :/"
"fire and rain by james taylor fits the style i need for my SA audition perfectly, but i can't find a karaoke track in a high enough key"
"@bridgers i have one too"
"I need to get my act together. At the mall again instead of studying"
"I want some cookies."
"@penflare  tell me about it"
"my girlies @VeeVeeBOMBSHELL &amp; @ReeseCromwell r leavin me today  Vanessa, I'll c u when u'r black *I mean back and Reese, I'll c u Sunday"
"@MommaSalty Aw, sorry about your cat   No worries about the blankets, I was just wondering, I'm in no rush, take your time!"
"Yum chocolate sorbet! She barely even shared  http://twitpic.com/67azl"
"@stephenfry Tinkered with open-source Virtualbox &amp;Win7 yet? Would've loved to have seen you @ Hay. Always unfortunate timing for students"
"Last Tonight Show with Jay Leno Tonight!"
"ahhh i think my legs are burnt  they hurt"
"I think I messed up my back, its been like this all day"
"I missed the @retrorewind announcement   Something about being flow out for a concert? Can anyone fill me in?"
"Phew long day and i havent gotten to work yet"
"@tommcfly say hi to me, i'm depressed cause i cant see you"
"traveling to L.a today to see grandpa in hospital..Yet another road block to cross fro my family"
"@jeremyfritsche your understanding would require taking paragraph 3 out of context. But para5 COULD lead to opting out of EVERY class."
"A sweltering afternoon no wonder the creepy, slithering snakes are heading to the creek. The nasty things can swim! Frightening detail!"
"Just found about ten typos in one story in the Plain Dealer, including one run on sentence. It happens more and more these days"
"@Levanah_Gates am also gutted...the end is nigh  x"
"Oh dear god, going to have to buy a Mac and Pro-Tools, I think my darling edit suite is soon to be filled with Prince Of Persia Movie"
"i feel really sick, and my teeth still hurt.  fml."
"Getting ready for a long weekend of work..friday Saturday and Sunday"
"HOMELESS afterJune 1st......."
"sad that school is over gonna miss all my friends and teachers"
"We will be changing our name again  Please stay tuned and follow our new page once Ophelia barks up a new name for http://dog-wuh.com thx!"
"@Martysixnine  How vile are people, they have to remove things that have a value"
"Me and my sister is listening to goodbye my almost lover by a fine frenzy. That was me and scarletts song. Makes me sad."
"@CaitiCaitlin I know but unfortunately I'm one of the fifteen bazillions of Americans without health insurance.  awesome"
"Good! luck you! I want new shoes  Ly x"
"I buy the team Zotz and they decide to roast me."
"@BeansOnToasted NOOOOO I hate traffic"
"Damn... Why does it take so long to install SBS2008?!"
"@bjcash AHhh FCUKKK...i missed out AGAIN  You must fill me in with the deetZ...see you tonight?!?!!"
"@monkeymoosh Happened to me the other day.  Was wearing a necklace that made a white spot on my chest."
"Very annoyed by my braces. Cheek is all cut up and can't eat"
"Just fell asleep for 2 &amp; 1/2 hours so missed both chances for first-look Hollyoaks, ugh"
"@jennifalconer I haven't heard Greg before I'm scared , I've heard he's rather freaky  x"
"@cln0103    hope all is ok."
"@punkpolkadots ya i suppose so...wish i cud hv thm bk"
"healthy food is NOT helping my hangover"
"Aww man. @Wired arrived. How-To Guide-less"
"@KaarinE Me too I need the sudden urge to do it. Missing the Diplomat title"
"@KMC1121 lol... im going to log off for about an hr lolz b4 I lose more followers  keep the #NOFAKERY movement going!"
"@minneappler I'm all out of life preservers, sorry   But if it's any consolation, you're in for something really special tomorrow."
"@rachaelblogs Good for you Rachel.  I have nowt"
"@keylahtia yeah its goin to vmail now.. I CALLED it while i was in the store.. no luck"
"@bradleemeredith Awwwww, i'm sorry"
"@lell I live here and I don't see all these great things"
"a bit worried..."
"I have one less follower  That makes me sad and I feel like my life is dull and uninteresting."
"@Anjeebaby @aileenwilliams Please don't get me watching BB too"
"My 89 year old grandma in Chicago is having emergency surgery today...."
"is still pretty depressed about losing her hello kitty necklace"
"I'm getting me &amp; my family ready for Kaylee's graduation! It's gonna make me so sad."
"@capcomms It was BuckFast. Brain just went blank"
"@thankthatstar i have to tell you that i accidentally screwed up the layout of the lautner_daily community"
"@AskCarrieLee CVS is that like a genetic brand?Poor you,my hubby gets bad allergies..no fun!"
"@barmak9 Shiraz event was in an 'anti-bahai' center.not in a mosque or in election campaign.Sadly children wr involved in zahedan"
"Still can't find my id and is going to be very VERY upset if I can't go out with my deltas tonight"
"@tommcfly you and the guys should come down here, we are fucking freezing out here!"
"omfg. one of the worst days ever!"
"no viewers  and and @steff_blehh, did you block me on skype?"
"What happened to the weather??"
"@tobiefysh I really haven't got the hang of these hash tags have I?"
"Looks like it's going to be a upset for Venus"
"@FionaKyle didn't have my camera with me  totally regretting it now!"
"Ummm. My kid just said &quot;fucker&quot; .. Like minutes before his gparents are due to show. Everyone knows it's his mom with the potty mouth"
"Internet, you were so fast! And now you are so slow! Where did the fast connection go?"
"needs to get over this fever grrrrr...."
"Every pair of jeans I own nowadays is very tight.  I think mah butt gettin big (oh!)"
"Radio Royals AM Transmitter has packed up today... not good   Anyone got a spare in your shed... lol"
"@TeeRibbzz ok Mr. Man help me out with some followers.....  PLEASEEEEEEEE"
"1 week post my&quot;horrible, traumatic jumping cholla accident.&quot;-cholla's next dirty trick:pieces are starting to emerge from my hand! Ouch!"
"35 hours in the sun=rash"
"@Mr_Kimbalicious Lol! I was just walking  I think its all the polish I used while cleaning earlier, its made the floor slippery!"
"home from work today.....son is sick"
"the weekend is about to begin! Got an idea for a project that I think would be cool -- just not sure I've got the time for it right now."
"urban think fail. chai latte is not good there"
"@melissa_beery Yeah little rough this morning but more tonight, and tomorrow night if all goes as planned. Caloric intake off the charts"
"back from dinner w. my family. i'm not meeting christine anymore  sunny weather tomorrow and a day out &amp; about. i want red bull!"
"@Bwadoo that doesnt look good at all."
"is gaining weight.  rather"
"I lost my artistic abilities"
"My jeans that were once two inches too long are now about five inches too long. Holy cow, am I getting shorter?!?"
"I miss my 8703"
"@Emma300 Guess I'd better look out for a new best friend once those VIP tickets have been used! You won't want me anymore!"
"shout out to all the people goin to prom &amp; iish &quot;damn i kinda miss high school&quot;"
"Back from a very boring 20-20 cricket match in Canterbury. It's supposed to be big hitting, but there was only one 6. Shame"
"I'm so sad that Cage on Daisy of Love went home this week  him crying made me tear up a bit.."
"puppy I wanted was adopted yesterday  I guess my dogs don't get a little brother anytime soon. but at least he isn't in a shelter now"
"If you followed us recently, PLEASE dont be offended that we haven't followed back. We hit our limit.   Hopefully we will be free soon."
"@mileycyrus http://twitpic.com/5kahh - omg i read Night in english class! so sad"
"never trust someone else's battery operated power tools when you're in a hurry"
"my sunburn hurts"
"@tommcfly say a hi to me tom  please please"
"Nobody's home tonight. Except me. Alone. Sigh. Oh how I wish @MysteriousLover was here"
"where is my melly belly when i need her ?"
"@ my sisters crying my eyes out, hubby called from Iraq, spoke for n2 minutes heard popping sounds in the background and call dropped."
"@brookeburke i found out that there's sushi with fake crab meat and it's not good for you"
"Just home from work!!!!! Need to continue packing. Raerae is gone for the weekend.   Mya and I are hanging out"
"My graduation day... And i feel like a failure..."
"@Littleradge shit your in trouble now  why don't you try with one of those companys that buys your house for you"
"@ddeeaannnnaa89 already did... index finger, left hand... still bleeding, hurts pretty bad. I hate being clumsy"
"@shadowcall I'm sorry to hear that."
"@LindseyJaffe Loved the shoutout on TweetHampton, congrats!! Hope you're feeling better, i missed you last weekend"
"ugh i need a job but no one is hiring"
"oh my gosh  this is the hardest decision of my life! who do i chose? Jonas or Green Day,ugh"
"I ran out of white and yellow oil paint   I may have to add &quot;Utrecht run&quot; to my list."
"Its not looking too good outside  if this continues, i feel a movie night coming on..."
"walking back 2 wk. Its a beautiful day. had 2 njoy it b4 it rains"
"@Beadz2Pleaz I think I might get some of that today.  My throat is killing me! It feels like it's in my lungs"
"@itsjustgoldie Why are you insulting me? What did I do to you?"
"Can't believe those idiots buzzed out the juggler."
"3 tweeets {:    FGS tweekdeckkk hates me  -cryyyy"
"Poor Lil J-Man has a fever. I can't wait to go home and hold the little man!"
"I fat-fingered the Coke machine, so I am drinking a Diet Pepsi instead of a Diet Dr. Pepper.   I wish the machine used error correction!"
"Done with the Missourian for the day. No call back from Sturtz..."
"SMH!!!! Im sick with this bug that's going around..Almost everyone I know is sick, including me..."
"@H0TCOMMODITY thanks, u 2!!! Idk if Im going or not... I don't feel like getting all dress up and doing my hair!!!  LOL"
"awwww bless her  she needs another chance."
"My beautiful lil cousin @SjFindlator is going to prom today...SAD  I can't be there..but I know shes gonna look BEAUTIFUL as always..."
"@ArsenalSarah she lookd soo freaked out!!poor wee thing"
"Stupid sun i  actually have to work now"
"Now Im crying....  Poor thing.."
"Ouch just burned myself making soup for nico..."
"@brenna_boo jealous  can you add 'and I really wish nicole was here..but we all know what she's really doing' to that tweet?"
"@zanzoon omg!! I saw something about a flood in your area on the news... be careful zaina"
"aww i can't believe that wee girl on bgt was crying, it was so sad"
"@dylanxtra my fly? but but but he was driving me insane  aw you made me feel bad now"
"Aww Holly Steel ... Dont cry"
"@sheagunther Damn, I'd be interested in working with Care2, but I don't live in SF anymore"
"@shoesandbooks Lucky you I have to wear a name tag  I feel like x-mass tree when I work Tag, Keys cliped on belt and ad's aroud my neck"
"@rocked nope i have a fifth generation ipod classic  it likes to be dumb"
"@djgraham I think @darkmonkey has found it (http://bit.ly/3pj876 , but I can't play it"
"Ahhh feel sorry for that little girl  can't watch her crying xx"
"is sick, a congested forehead (its possible) and chest. Achy eyes and back, all I wanna do is sleep the weekend away!"
"@MorningToast Once James Cameron touches something and revolutionizes it... someone else comes along and fucks it up"
"anyone have a verizon fone i can borrow for the mean time while i get my replacement?"
"Trying to figure out how to personalize my downloaded Wordpress blog!  Not as easy as I was hoping   Any suggestions?"
"i got in a fight with ryan. now hes like crying and im just dead inside. sigggh"
"@datachick That version is not compatible with Vista."
"Yikes. That poor girl on BGT. That was quite hard to watch"
"Cramps . . ."
"First Natalie and now little Holly. This is mean"
"aww i feel so bad for Holly"
"why is everyones tweets about britains got talent?! i feel left out"
"@mitchelmusso  i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code"
"Somehow I have yet to accomplish a fucking thing."
"Wait... @DamonAndrew and @Uchenna3... Electrik Red or Richgirl?  I'm a sucker for the later"
"@JEFFHARDYBRAND  Aww bless hope the phones okayy  x x"
"@Soph_Ichigo She tried to carry on aswell, bless, I suppose maybe that's why kids shouldn't be in it?"
"just because you're a superstar it doesn't mean you have to do that !"
"@Trickiliz13 ohhh baby!!! PDGG! ahh! im missing it! ahhh  hehaheahaaaa"
"shit got to go do the grocery.. I almost got no more food  snif snif..."
"Awww that poor little girl on BGT"
"@gfalcone601 I know right  Poorpoor girl! It shows why they shouldn't put young people in competitions like this though (.....) -"
"@icklewabbit OMG you aren't online. Shock horror."
"@shtoofi  i know the feeling, working so much sucks hardcore. we need to hang out soon"
"Can't paint anymore because of the light"
"@MandyPandy32  awww for me I just think she's tooo young or just not ready for it - tis painful to watch her so upset"
"wtf happened? i have no feed"
"Omg ! BGT making me cry  . That wee girl  it's soo sad."
"@beingnobody aww that is sad"
"#BGT Quite an awkward moment, poor girl  I hope she doesn't loose it again."
"My last full day of even day classes. I'm a little sad"
"@Littleradge  I'm not even in your situation and now I'm sad. I'm sorry, that's really sucky."
"@casgetta what's wrong?"
"Brian (cat) still hasn't shown up...I feel sad and sick, I'm afraid he's been eaten by something.    It doesn't look  good"
"getting ready for work. boohoohoo i dont wanna go to work!"
"@kaydub I am using iMovie 08 and it's still not bad. I am afraid to hear what is wrong with 09"
"@Slayer_89 I feel so sorry for her  hope she dnt cry 2nd time"
"@redbloc whats twhirl? I've some work to be doing over the weekend thank god so I'm probably going to miss it red, sorry"
"@YAphilJ phil! I miss you gracin ya with your presence I haven't been on much  what's new?"
"@nikkeekristen Yeah, it says that at the bottom  21+, and must be available to live there from Aug 19th to nov 2nd, roughly."
"@eBlondie I know...heartless souls"
"@westlifebunny my days been aight! been cleaning mostly! went to mcds to check for hader toy..no luck  so i ate chickfila"
"Work in that heat is horrible !"
"@genejm29 I spoke too soon  Still a nice evening, but lots of broken cloud coming in from the south."
"Waiting for my cell phone to dry out.... it went swimming in bowl of water earlier"
"Being unable to have booze on a Friday, indeed the entire weekend, actually hurts"
"stressed beyond BELIEF. need a nap"
"@davidcrow @cspin and I suppose, until we have more bike lanes, the roads aren't safe enough to pull your kids in bike buggies/trailers"
"awww poor little girl on britains got talent"
"Left poor fred!(boyfriend) in the alice in wonderland ride !  oops sorry fred! Argh!"
"@hollie__ Aww bless her. She's one of my faves"
"@Nahtuhlee Why no sn... o. yeah... Sad day....."
"too many meds. sleeepy sleeepy. I hate being sick"
"sees the finish line disappearing in a plethora of emails!!!    WAH!"
"@xxAnnaSxx oh I'm sorry for that. how old was your grandpa?"
"@gfalcone that made me cry  poor hollie xx"
"#BGT That poor kid"
"@KittyBuffieKat I know Buffie. I am sitting in my office instead of going to see Ms. Kane. Major bummer"
"&quot;I think you should know this. He's going to break up with you. And I just had to tell you. I'm sorry. I know you love him.&quot;"
"I need a new iPhone case but I am broke."
"is sad his wife is in Florida while he's sick in Lexington..."
"@laurenosaur I would love to but sadly I have to work"
"@starfish1211 - what! That's so horrible! I'll be praying. Poor thing."
"no phone  i knew i should've charged it last night. SIGH"
"@mitchelmusso  imnot aloud to call you!but i think your awesomeily!xx"
"stuck in anniston, mississippi. because we got in a car accident :\ now im scared to drive  boy drivers ed should be fun this summer D:"
"@robertpwilkins i should have left them alone. now they hurt  so no run and adter i fianly had a shower and washed the paint off ..."
"So off work about to do what I don't know I'm exhausted"
"wish i was going to prom!!!!  oh well..going to go wish my girls good luck!! then going to good oll APPLEBEES!!! yumm"
"@mattchung I GOT IT! i hope i get off of work in time for UP   want my job?"
"@wonky73 I'm just too busy these days to twitter or blog"
"Bad day  The day you realize what mess you've put me through will be one of the happiest days of my life..."
"Checking out Twitter Trying to find people I know....Unfortunately no one I know uses this website"
"i can't find my tennis racket!!"
"so, why the hell are we going to school for 2 hours next monday and tuesday...dumb snow days and thier lame rules...my mom making me go"
"I will be missing all of the 1st game tonight. Maybe i will get lucky and be home in time to watch part of the second."
"@suzziequeue  Yes thanks, its been great. Soooooo not looking forward to Monday"
"four shots of novacaine in my mouth  my right cheek is totally numb, booo."
"Helping my cousin get ready for her 8th grade dance...she is growing up"
"@justkappa hey there hunny! I have missed you. No calls..or emails..."
"- thats my hair guys. oh dip i gotta go!  on-ee two minits leff . . ."
"@justinobey I forgot that was tonight! Was planning on heading down to the Cask, that might not be such a good idea"
"@AngySTHB  Its not funny. The bump's not going away."
"@jmelencholy I'm having lunch already  ur a lil late buddy!"
"grrr hate when i make careless mistakes on docs i give to my partner"
"Omg, watching Hollie Steel's crying is so so painful  #bgt"
"Arghhhhhhhhh... i can't keep up with these TwitterBones peeps"
"hey @mitchelmusso please reply me, i can't call you im from Mexico and i don't know the code  love you"
"@whatabout_ken that sucks  If only I was there to hang out."
"@Kate_Butler I think/hope they might put an age limit on next year on the back of that  #bgt"
"@noisemaker_ aww thats too bad you lost it though"
"This is how much hair falls off everytime I shower. It's more sad than disgusting  http://yfrog.com/6p190aj"
"@sherryaperez  aww mamas... I hope all is well. Get some rest beautiful! Muah! Holla."
"sure miss Chick, tho...may he RIP!"
"@mishacollins Yes it does. Please dont' go. If you die I will cry.. which normally leads to small animals getting harmed"
"i am not feeling well so i am going to sleep now"
"Just broke her dresser shes had since she was three"
"Josette....where are you??   I looked across the pond, but you are nowhere to be found."
"Feeling tempted by high volume of jeeps to start an &quot;acura wave&quot;. Me too!"
"Brought cat to specilist. May be ectopic uritors. Doing ultrasound. Surgury would be &gt;$2000. may need to take him back to humane society"
"@MandyPandy32 I hope for her sake she does could it could get worse"
"once again i've spend the day studying. SO BORED of studying but i still have 3 chapters to go"
"I hate sitting at the doctors office! They told me she is running an hour behind! AWESOME"
"Ow. Sunburn hurts!"
"Had a great day...but slightly depressed.  I don't know what I am going to do."
"@XO_SUFI_XO yeah and when you are not working at paying jobs(volunteer/intern) the $ tends to disappear rather quickly...gotta slow down"
"I have a stupid headache on my day off."
"@Aerinea ugh. it sounds like a busted cable box then  what time zone are you in?"
"sorry @tayfo, i chili cheese dogged without you"
"I think i pinched something in my neck."
"i wanna do something tonight, but that doesnt look very promising"
"only an hour left with my iPod touch"
"My tattoo is ticklish"
"@jessmitch fml...i have a good idea. we steal phil back and give my dumbass cousin those cats. jk. i'd feel bad"
"being bored at home! Tomorrow i've got to work all day!"
"@TheEllenShow but i went out and bought some nail polish ellen"
"sitting in the car with my cat. he keeps meowing and i feel so bad"
"Watching maxium 100. Why can't I look beautiful like those girls."
"so many things to think about when preparing for a marathon.  aye dios."
"Watching WALL-E.....it's so cute but sad"
"I scratched my iPod"
"@angisori It's not a reg gig yet, but hopefully it will be! Haven't done massage in a while actually"
"AND I didn't get the job"
"hypervenilating cuz i just watched keith urban's new video!!!   trying to calm down and im realizing how far away august 13 is!!!!"
"@qcmartinez it's cloudy and damp over here too. i hope it doesnt rain for tonite's track meet  i'd hate to do interviews in the rain"
"watching britains got talent, poor holly"
"@michellecpa  ugh headache   i just wanna go home"
"@Silkglove thats bad your been forced to watch that  there must be a helpline you can call ?  we are both good thanx he's asleep"
"@RealJessicaAlba Aw what about me"
"Sitting at the computer... I should study...  But I'm not right now, because I'm procrastinating again! XD"
"I don't feel good.  .My throat hurts!!!!"
"@CroSimpleMinds Only Tao in the summer?? That is not many"
"http://twitpic.com/67di2 - This is what I meant when I said my skin is terrible. Plus sunburnt chest."
"So tired and I have work at 5pm  #fb"
"@kennethlim working on a logo &amp; I keep getting click happy  Its me, not photoshop I dont they have a &quot;stupid stop clickin&quot; in ps do they?"
"false alarm on the house"
"i feel very ill. i think im dehydrated"
"Gutted. The kitchen is empty literally EMPTY. No even kidding. I'm so hungry"
"I took my antibiotics and I still feel like crap"
"&quot;Stop your twittering&quot; - Maryland cookies #bgt"
"@rosieeejones i agree with the whole Hollie thing"
"Ugh! I just realized that I have to completely redo my tweetdeck groups! Pains of computer being wiped clean!"
"would like to have a gaming system"
"ree-heally hoping the rain stops by the time i get off the metro at courthouse. i didn't bring an umbrella today."
"But I have cause I missed a lot of classes"
"still having a hangover"
"shack idol today(: can't wait. it's gonna be funnn poor cameron. he fell ON A BAR in speech today. i felt so bad for him"
"going to work soon and so excited!  ugh id rather pluck my fingernails off"
"What happened with her??? Why is she being so wierd all of a sudden???"
"i would slip and fall... on the dirty school bathroom floor. fml."
"Oh... according to mom dad is going to try and take 2-3 weeks off in Sep. to go to Austira, and just wrap a vacation into it as well lmao"
"@Chris_Gorham aww, what a shame  ........you can still #followfriday them though, no? &gt;.&gt;"
"Day 26 is in town. Wish I could catch the show, but I already have plans. Go figure!"
"I couldn't find P4 so I couldn't show Brantley my feet  and now its raining"
"enjoying my couch for the last time"
"The city officially smells like dead fish"
"@candicotton not so good"
"http://bit.ly/61Aam   these dogs are going to die if somebody doesn't save them!"
"@Maliceve yeah mine is stubborn too.  you just gotta keep trying until it does, no way around it"
"@smaknews sorry about that anna wintour repeated tweets!! sooo sorry  somethings up... | was wondering abt the quad tweet ;)"
"The Rain Makes Me Sad. Its Like I Want To Kill myself,&lt;-"
"I think I killed my 6-mo old bromeliad. need a new pet plant.. or not."
"So my alarm got changed somehow and I ended up waking up at 1:00  I feel like half my day is gone"
"Hmmmm where is everyone my house is empty.  am all alone."
"@fresnorock where's the love?"
"Want to get a Blackberry but can't afford it  . Just watching the telly and relaxing. Hard sesion tomorrow."
"@BrennaRE Oh yes..i think almost every Tuesday in June. Which dresss, I just bought one, then felt guilty and took it back"
"I dont like the dentist...they make my gums hurt"
"@damohopo no not proper, my dog barks too much &amp; jumps up &amp; its all my fault for not being strict enough"
"all these follow fridays make me feel really unpopular"
"camping this weekend. boo   i dont get any signal out there...its torture"
"Last official WVBR DJ shift EVER! Sad Day   Listen online at wvbr.com."
"What to do this weekend, what to do. Don't think I'll be making it to Michigan for The Wonder Years."
"@Bensue aww at when she was cryin tho...i want her to get thru...i feel sorry for her  shes so good tho."
"STOMACH ACHE!!! Ahhhhhh"
"I'm in dire need of a second job, if you hear of anything in nightlife or food service please please please think of me"
"@ajandtjsmommy im sorry"
"Im trying to move and get up but it just hurts to much..."
"@Beadinpath Hi Heather. I dont know why... but I just saw your messages from April!! Have not been very twitter friendly..."
"I want Dec to be my dad"
"@cecinievas omgggggggggg, cant belive it! what had happened to it friend? do you know where did you missed it? thats not nice!!"
"I also concede to my first Twitter grammar fail."
"I feel slightly sick now  #BGT"
"has applied for OSAP yet again- God, I'm gonna owe major $$$ by the end of my academic career, this just ain't right!!"
"euhm i'm french and i don't really understand English . poo.."
"@adam_griffiths Oh, maybe she will cope then! Now people are definitely going to vote for her"
"odd i tried to call mitchel musso but it dosent work...."
"New crisis, my bag is too eavy for my DoE"
"my deep fry drumsticks were not as good as i thought they would be"
"But now talking about today, Oh my GODNESS! Problems, problems, problems. about love, money, math, parents........tha't enough, isn't it?"
"@spizer that's what it is in mathematica. I just meant that I automatically hit the button twice now."
"My twitter isn't updating.  How am I to know what everyone famous is doing!?!?!?"
"What's with the gloomy weather? The sun must be too tired to come out and play  heading to victoria gardens for some impulse buys haha"
"At work... supposed to be a day off but too much work to get done for PLM World... sigh"
"Taking 40 underpriveledged kids to the circus 2moro. BIG day planned &amp; I still aint feeling 100%  so nervous right now.."
"@jeayese Plus you guys have IceTV, which I REALLY miss from living there."
"@Itsjustme_Nicki Sorry....I have to go."
"Does anyone know how to scale a pic down I'm trying to change my pic but all my pics r 2 big n I keep cropping them...HELP"
"road test booked. i r scared"
"@cashstwit Maybe something's just wrong with my phone...it's still not working"
"@isacullen Oh, that one. That explains so much now. Poor girl."
"unlucky pants    today: lemonade, earlier: white russian in the middle of the dance floor"
"ashley tisdale , i mean . cuz shes in berlin on 6th june and i'm not gonna be there . i wanna start cryin right now :/ ashley pick me up"
"I need to go to ATL, mainly just to go to Ikea.  The stuff I want isn't available online."
"@andybarr I was going to but I'm stuck with it as I seem to have misplaced my remote  It's extra bad tonight as well :|"
"@KJB6609 Momentum works!  But Jeff will have a hard time from 42nd."
"Spent the entire morning in a meeting w/ a vendor, and my boss was not happy w/ them. Lots of fun.  I had other plans for my morning"
"@chelseasms it's not sooo noticable it depends on how you look at it...but I know it's there and now my iPod isn't perfect"
"Anyone want to stop by Carl's Jr and bring me a chicken club?  Can barely walk..."
"I think i may have found my next apartment. Just one downfall."
"@Jayo240 I don't know how to use this"
"Bored now  - Must improve my Friday nyts lol"
"where's my new @NylonMag"
"@ItsBacker I refuse to get excited as I don't want to be let down  if it happens, as long as it's not between June 11 - 28 or I'd die"
"@stackmack I wish I couldn't wrap my head around it  Hopefully it'll wake up some people that say/think &quot;racism doesn't exist anymore&quot;"
"@Annnnnaaaaa lol, I've just realised that i've been sending messages that were meant to be to you, to a page that doesn't exist"
"OMG..5 days till 1st state exam!"
"@gfalcone601 i felt so sorry for her. some people are being really harsh about her cos she was given a 2nd chance"
"@steve_merchant I agree, but teenage daughter will be spending my money on the movie of their concert this week."
"Shelf from Ikea fell off the wall. damage done...about $78.95 worth. Or at least thats my estimate."
"@evienyc: Aww, that sux!  @Sitatara_x3: Eeek for Airline charges!!! (X_X)"
"Need to dye my hair, can see a slight hint of ginger"
"my stomach is bleh!"
"@AnKuAlGa  get well soon!"
"Is going to miss seeing everyone all the time"
"That's exactly why I prefer to give money and play outside the house. Stupid Internet connection always ruining my instances!!!!  #wow"
"@xLaau Laura elle s'en fou elle don't like the french fans"
"Every time it rains, I see at least 1 ambulance"
"Headache, . . . sad cupcake"
"Its so hard letting her go and seeing her cry."
"This is not a happy tweet"
"@itsthegrape ROFL  Even if I kept insurance and payments under $300, Im still like.. meh. Good thing I applied for a day job pasy $2888mo"
"@ddlovato where are ya headin to for your family vaca? i hope the paparazzi leave you alone"
"Man i cant belive that you did what you did? Everything does not look as good as it is.."
"watching Jon &amp; Kate plus 8..can't believe they're divorcing"
"someone take care of me, im so sick"
"Santana - Maria Maria (The Wraith)  ? http://blip.fm/~7a10a"
"Sick daddy  send prayer his way"
"@mleshock Noooo! Poor SE"
"@pinkalici0us argh! color me jealous! That rain I asked for the other day still hasn't gone away"
"Jay Leno's LAST NIGHT..Jay, you will be missed"
"@Wheeeeeeeeler  lol awhhk wats da chances holly gets through den?"
"@Senfaye Me too. I found out about it a little late and couldn't afford it"
"@FTSKirstin i know he cant be, but idk how long he will be gone. what if he forgets me?  idk im stupid for worring."
"It's hot.  I could turn on the A/C, but I'm trying to be green for as long as I can stand it   Right now I'm just a little red and shiny."
"@simplyvannesa heyy i have a sis of 1 year with 5 months and still she don t want to walk.."
"@isaacnow didn't know you were on twitter! Coming to the show tomorrow?? Lorraine can't make it"
"So sad you didn't day Hello to me  @Jonasbrothers"
"@tutugirl1345 you could say that. I left it in VT and have been Blackberryless since Tuesday Night. I'm lost"
"@bmoney389 Lmao, when I was camping, the water in the shower was well water and just smelt nasty"
"awww i've lost a follower i fail"
"@JessikaSay awwwh - i'm sorry  i hope you fell better - watch a film ?"
"Ohhhhh Barcalona. Please dont ruin this  #bgt"
"@improperhostess what!!!????  where are u guys going!?"
"@EmeraldAshlee yea he said brooke's gonna come over to record today!  @CHANiCEDEVONNE!"
"my monitor won't turn on. This can only be the work of my mother."
"@gingeebee  sounds horrid, sending you one of @buddythepug's special #pughugs, look after yourself, lots of cuddles and treats!"
"@LimeIce  I dint dump anyone. It's always me who gets dumped and blamed. That's why I don't believe in relationships. #twpp"
"@BrandyWandLover won't be able to manage 3 nights babe, have lil ones depending on me here!!  xxx"
"#BGT  ooooh tooo weird for me"
"Why are tea pitcher things so hard to find?  I haven't seen any here, and I've only found this http://tiny.cc/vynk5 online.  Ugly."
"Burned my pinky.  great way to start my weekend thats gonna suck anyway."
"I try soo hard toget what I want.. &amp; I always end up having a goose egg.."
"@morlhon  that's bad as it affects all the languages that run on the JVM. Too bad!"
"At tweetup loc, but don't recognize anyone  am outside in turquoise shirt. Please see me! #g4c09"
"just got home...I was @ work to get the key 4 tomorrows douple shift"
"@gronumbulator yeah, just realized what the whole notification thing was. Thought it was them notifying me, not me spamming my followers."
"Ohhh me, i am rather bored. How can a friday night be soo boring!"
"cramps r eew  shall hug a soft toy to my tummy n zzz the pain away"
"Too much food at today's company gill out, want to go home and lay in the sun. Instead here until dark, probably"
"http://twitpic.com/67fcj - what i have to resort to wearing today cause i haven't finished my laundry. lol."
"@ohayemily you okay bby?"
"@DaveDinsmore miss u guys,terribly!! no Todd yet    he is a busy boy  maybe tomorrow night!"
"@ausaudriel Well I asked you a few days ago and you said money was the only thing holding you back Saturday or something"
"@Puertorok57 n'dito  I messed up your name, sorry hon ;)"
"Ugh..just starting another 2 hours of behind the wheel for drivers ed"
"@DeliverImHungry You are right.  If you ordered a static IP it should have been set up.  I apologize if it was not"
"Having a boo-hoo day. Things just suck today"
"He's shy...............but it's cute ily. but you don't see it or know it &lt;3"
"@ashleytisdale: cool that you liked germany and the awards! i saw you on TV cause i couldn't come to the comet and see you live  xoxo"
"I'm terrified about the surgery next week"
"@GettingFreedom @AmysFinerThings We don't feel too comfortable using it. It's not awful, but pretty icky.  Scurrying to find a deal..."
"I don't think that im feeling too well. all the sudden, im tired but scared to fall asleep cuz I know I will wake up sick."
"Answering detailed questions via Twitter can be very difficult. It's a challange to get everything in to less than 140 charactres"
"@MATTHARDYBRAND What is everyone saying about the supposed nude pics of Matt Striker? Hope he doesn''t get in trouble"
"@Skedaddles that is very true.."
"Watching Jeremy assemble jr's new radio flyer bike!!!  Jr is sick with 100 degree fever  taking a nap.  This will cheer him up though!"
"graduation next sunday.. im going to miss my class"
"@tinyraisins Im in so deep its disgusting. I would even take a LITTLE help. BUt alas i sense it will never happen . . ."
"had to pause tv, now i'm 10 minutes behind on BGT"
"I miss @digital_dragon and @motoash  I wish they'd talk to me more often"
"@jeremycowart I love #polaroid - such a shame they don't make the film for it anymore"
"I quite fancy Gregg on #bgt. Singing wasn't as good as his audition though, sadly"
"@Willie_Day26 awww man, its nott"
"Headache"
"@chelseytx I don't have the app that does it"
"Oh no!!!!! It's raining on our Sea World parade  http://yfrog.com/0wvnpj"
"@shanedawson YOU SHOULD TOUR!! *lol* I live all the way out in Tennessee! :-P jk. How would you do that?"
"is very angrrry! my FB account just got deleted- WTF??? all my poems I have ever written are on there"
"my cat just fell off my bed lmfao, bless her. she got a fright  xx"
"One of our favorite homebuilders declared bankruptcy. McStain homes out of Louisville is closing down. http://bit.ly/c9iJr"
"@lizzerdrix The stuff I got was precariously close to ricotta cheese. It didn't help."
"i feel like i'm quarantined everywhere i go... pinkeye, go away already!"
"@MissBernardo i'll do whatev but i dont have anything to wear"
"Have slept all afternoon and evening after getting back from NYC. Now feel bright as a button. Probably a bad move"
"@jingruz you can have the sun too. It all sucks, especially for my pale whiteman skin.  @mfnbpwnz I can't stop sneezing, and I blame you."
"Extremely busy weekend. So much work to do.  Can't wait for Summer!!"
"Oh.... great.  I think I'm getting sick."
"No @clairabellejp tonight @skc0602"
"Poor balcony sealer guy. Stuck in the rain.   http://mypict.me/20Oh"
"@PoyntlasLove it was  i dont think i can look at her now without feeling heartbroken lmao x."
"@Mangowe You're welcome, I am off for some merry noddingtons myself soon. It's not even dark!"
"we dropped the baton in the 4x1.  so now i'm getting ready for the open 400. wish me luck!"
"no boby will not talk 2 me"
"@WESH  That is really sad"
"Or maybe its just us ...."
"@ChewwyUwe http://twitpic.com/66st1 - please let me freee... I can't watch you masturbate for much loongerrr!"
"@mayankdhingra yeah... i guess my password was also changed... i was not able to login my FB  cahnge my pw again ...ufff"
"Too busy at work today to trash the cubes of vacationing team members"
"I'm hungry  wife is at a Bodyshop Party and is bringing a takeaway home with her - how much longer will the party go on?"
"I hate Windows.  I miss my lovely Ubuntu   I'm such a nerd haha"
"; Another friday night cancel.  probably movies with just Ashley."
"This heartburn may be the death of me."
"@ego_assassin @slinka sucks about your cat... hope you guys feel better"
"Sick......and no it's not the swine flu atleast I hope not"
"@neoknits -- That's got to be hard. My parents have been apart most of their marriage  For 6 months this year t &amp;I will be 10K mi apart"
"Ugh. I have a migrane"
"Whaaaat a strong rain just came over us here in Santa Clara. I wish I could sleep but I got to attend to an important meeting"
"My Head Feels Like It's Going To Explode"
"Sunburnt  Gutted! Hope it's faded by tmw!"
"I can't go out when my heart is home sick  even if it is my bday, family health comes 1st"
"@agentrickard Oh no!"
"Need to get an adjustment, neck is all out of whack"
"@Kyle_B_Judah i am too old for Vegas"
"am sitting in the library with eyes half closed cause havent slept in a while coz of exams"
"can't find her favorite Nike shorts"
"Why is it hot in herrrre all of a sudden?"
"@ursusfidelis sry about tweeting so much"
"But anywho, I just got in and out of the pool within like 30 minutes because it's about to start storming"
"@PinkyNKOTB Oh I've got that one &amp; the stp x step one on VHS. Tried connecting our video to harddrive to copy to DVD but didnt work"
"put a pot of eggs on the stove to boil..and forgot about them..then remembered them 45 min later! wonder if they'll still b good"
"Ouuchh! I hurt my index finger!! ahhhh"
"Really struggling with my packaging design"
"I'm really full and I feel sick"
"I keep pulling out my knitting at my desk and then putting it back.  Not good!  Not good!    T-minus 15 minutes till release........"
"@BrittanyASnow LOL YOU ALWAYS FORGET ME"
"@JustPlainMeg im sorry  i wish that i was there instead (it would give you a good excuse to get away from him) hehe...i love you &lt;3"
"this is sooo crazy i have fever.."
"Its going to be a very long weekend. Very long."
"@rvca i had a blast at the sale today! had one pair of cords mis sized tho  but still worth it! might come back tomorrow! thankssss"
"...getting our site transferred over to a new server ... this is going to be quite a job"
"Just finished curling her hair!!!! And now has to finish getting ready but doesn't have a ribbon to put in her hair"
"Guess I should have called  See ya."
"@kwwheeler  What's all your fault?"
"@gillianre no they didn't!"
"@ebassman Right here! Army Wife in Germany! I can't STAND that I cannot be there this summer!"
"@beley It's so not like me  I'm in the middle of coordinating a 3-point move: stuff from IL --&gt; old NYC apt + all stuff --&gt; new apt."
"I'm being a lazy bum..boo for jack he always works on fridays"
"@gregverdino I can't believe you tweeted that. It was our special moment"
"rushing to sitter to pick up my 103F-fevered preschooler"
"I swear its so hot I dont want to leave my house  Is it hot where your at?"
"@SidanArchion It's all over now...now I have to go talk to people in Melrose...cashier, registrar, etc. All those unfun places"
"@TimothyTheron hmm sorry, I went mia there"
"@3spur I work at Schneider Electric, but not much longer. They are sending our jobs to Mexico"
"@ChuckGysi  oh sorry - I misunderstood. I'm not 100% sure but I'm thinking there isn't"
"ouch, my back. I'm sick of having a pamela anderson esque chest"
"Now standing because my tailbone is killing me"
"So freaking close to getting my car back. Told me I could pick it up then call back to tell me there is a crack in the mfing windshied."
"does not want to go to sixth period."
"deff workin this weekened"
"@ChantelleDaily sold out in 6 stores, i don't think so"
"Just finished taking world geograhy final!!! I think I did bad!!!!"
"@MegsEggs i know its such a shame  i think they've got a good chance &amp; i hope they do coz they are different aren't they &amp; great :]!"
"I'm all scared and bruised."
"Medicine Man Oh Medicine Man where for Art thou? FEELiN.... FAiNt... can't....go .....On (lyin on floor)  `````````"
"Weekend looks sloppy  Looking forward to a great week with great customers!"
"@misspache  Ya, it was pretty bad. Not sure when I will get to go visit. We have been super busy lately."
"head hurts and I feel sick  and I have to go to work tomorrow"
"@OhBlee awww, that sucks  But they're so awesome when you get one, all squeeky and happy. I only have one left now though"
"@nicola_prigg pah - she isn't ready for it poor little mite"
"@HaleyFaye  Why?"
"#bgt Will Holly take being paraded on stage again for potential rejection?"
"@travisjestes  never have good dreams like that."
"WFD: Lasagna. Still 45 minutes to go, so hungry now."
"ummmm i have no idea what im doing but my friend is pissed off at me now and i dont know why she hates me so much I NEED HELP BRITNEY plz"
"has a good heart... or so says the doctor. Except that the doctor won't be in until Tuesday afternoon to put that in writing...."
"@MightyJunebugg nooo... as a font connoisseur i can totally relate dude, my heart goes out to you"
"@HoptonHouseBnB I know - no probs. The driving bit always gets to me this time of the ac. year  Which bit of sea are you going to? Aber?"
"@FreyaLynn it's too friggin late now."
"Almost 2 more hours then i'm out of work. Time couldn't go by any slower."
"at the direct selection tool who is being stubborn and not working for me today."
"R.I.P little bird that flew into my window snapping his neck"
"i got stung. by a bee."
"A long and stressful day coming up tomorrow. Have to write responses to EOI; doing a colleagues job"
"i have so much homework  i think i am going to hide in a corner and cry."
"AAAAARRRRGGGHHH! there is a huge spider in the towel pile, *cries* glad Kerbear isn't here  sorry mum cant bring the rest in"
"@adrenalynntoao I've been readin your last few twitts. I hope your ok"
"@rolandsmartin Awe Man, I hope someone turns it in"
"@ausaudriel no money atm, plus I did that trial so I don't know if it would let me play without buying that new exp"
"On runway 2 hours"
"#bgt It's a shame that the Dreambears won't get through"
"just took my best friend of 13 years, How well you know Katie Outzen quiz and failed, how does that happen? its just so sad!"
"Noooooo worst news ever today my tattoo artist is moving omg what am I going to do!?!?!?!?"
"@thisisryanross I won't leave you alone until you accept my appology"
"@natalidelconte I bet you received lots of hit from that tweet; at work i cannot, wish i could"
"@Smokeroomsocial I'ma say you should smudge yourself before I start calling people given the malicious action we pulled the other night"
"How to get a $40 trumpet book - get caught in the rain with an $80 trumpet book ... oh dear  NY"
"@kiteman1 yeah unfortuantley  Sam hanks crap bowl that he like rolled along the floor got me out  grr"
"@xXHAZELXx Don't think you would be happy if you were..."
"wants to go back to charleston"
"@Doodlebug18 I'm sorry darling  anything I can do?"
"My grandpa just told me he feels useless. I said, &quot;Papa you're in your 80's, you just do what makes you happy&quot;, somehow I doubt it helped"
"@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancer ..."
"@MrJRGregory Im 20 - believe me, I've tried! I'm just too ginger! Freckles join up on my face - that's it!  get it out a bottle cancerfree"
"@canadian_diva yeah I know! other than youtube rip I don't know how to keep it."
"i had navy blue under my black nailpolish for a while and i think it stained my nails a little.."
"@melodykid ahhh i cant go then! i could've gone at like 1"
"just doesn't understand why this thing wont save my photos  Defo uggo! lol"
"@vicenzo2009 No star replies to me"
"Someone just sent me a random phone pic of Asian cats (with the paws in the air like in sushi/Chinese restaurants), and I don't know who"
"@thepresidentJx3 should I still come? Its gonna be a while"
"Never got round to buying the ice creams in work- took a call from my lawyer which knocked me off kilter"
"Guess this is a 24-48 hour maintenance.. I'm so sad I miss my friends"
"@mleis hence Jew on Jew. Not pretty. I'm sorry"
"Dead gerbil"
"I am so tired!"
"&quot;And now my mom and her friend are drinking.. Greatt..&quot;"
"@Need4Sheed_com Ohhh got it. It's the 8830 I think  I miss the Pistons  I really hope Joe D cooks up something big!"
"frame damage... car could be totalled"
"My logic to getting a short prom dress? Last year it was so freaking hot I was dying... Look at the weather...  hahah just my luck"
"Had a totally chilled out day relaxing in the garden in the lovely weather. Shame I have to go to work tomorrow"
"@Mwissa Really? Can you send it to me too? I don't get the internal emails."
"Traffic is horrific on 695..I jus wanna gt my dog"
"@pixonu its ok mate I stayed in as well  losers aren't we"
"@mfhorne why go winchester when my sister doesnt go there any more!   bad times.. x"
"Club day at school &amp; I can't go b/c I hurt myself during school by trippin over some1's backpack."
"@PinkyNKOTB  lol - thats 51p less ive got towards the cruise!!"
"@sarahstanley I shudder at the thought of what she was thinking she'd do with it if she'd managed to reclaim it..."
"@cartermason bummer, bro, sorry to hear that"
"Just tried to sign up for @Foursquare but apparently Knoxville is not a big enough city  Will Knox ever be on the list?"
"@LaurenConrad when I tried to go to her's I got this message &quot;That page doesn't exist! &quot;"
"@love_primaDONNA lucky.. where do you live? im in vegas and it never rains here..."
"i hate going to work."
"Being attacked with cola..... all sticky"
"Sorry everybody! Apparently Twitter isn't sending me my updates."
"@PerezHilton  that's sad. Trauma... Future serial killer..."
"Ugh I have a hedache; I may be cheap, but fucking shit I still have class with how I roll"
"my eyes hurts.."
"@soapylove I saw that - unfortunately it happens to be on the same day as my high school reunion   I will have to catch you next time."
"@Shar_Music I was not hugged"
"two hours till our offer on the house expires  no word yet! Come on people, sell us your house!!!!!!!!!!! #Parker #Colorado"
"@mileycyrus I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!"
"My wedding next Thursday and I'm ill"
"does want a lot of things right now  and i cant have them-yet."
"@Jennifalconer I don't know if I can bear to watch Hollie tommorrow night,it's a bit hard to take seeing the state she gets herself into"
"being re-admitted, at this stage for a three-night minimum with a hopeful tuesday discharge"
"Nvm, not working period"
"@laurawrholmez  I know! they were running out though, Soph had to get a massive one..."
"wondering if anyone has seen my cell phone i cant find it anywhere"
"Stubbed my little toe this morning on my file cabinet ... and it's turning black"
"@DanfromAston I have heard that about a lot of programs like that, we go to a large chain of learning centers, sorry for you!"
"@theloudninja Not by choice.  I have to use it for that one project that never ends!"
"I am trying to upload my background from twitbacks. its not working"
"@KelleyLCarter: Yeah, I fell asleep  I'm sorry. No way in the world I was waking up @ 7am lol. I had to work @ 9am."
"@msfeather24 You're the one getting married on me"
"Why does my boss have to come in today....."
"@thatlass as much as i love to be hopeful, i reckon the chances are minimal =P i'm never gonna get my cake and stuff"
"my pic didn't work"
"@BitchNotAPerson I can understand the fear. I feel that way about many things. You really need motivation to overcome it. Mine was guilt"
"Hey every1! Do yesterday was my prom and it was the best. I wanna go back in time :] Ima miss every  new picks up soon myspace.com/risound"
"GREG NOOOOO DON@T LEAVE ME  U SHUD HAVE GONE THROOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! im gonna find u restaurant don't worry lol  cry cry cry"
"@beherenw lol must contribute to the destruction of language...awww"
"@RyanSeacrest that was such a tease!  I cant wait til Sunday!!  but then after that, nothing until November   oh well, i can wait!"
"@jr_smith1 wats i got luck for u guys to beat la!! lol i would like to see this best wishes to the denver nuggets but my cavs are done"
"Just had a horrible experience with a dentist.  Had a crown made that doesn't fit right and they won't fix it or give back the money."
"Ok the thunder is scaring me"
"Was late today, due to construction!!!      tGif..."
"Placed a $2 bet on a sure thing and lost.  no more betting for me!"
"@fishkutta omg kool. I'm not on the road"
"@KaseyTheGreat I submitted my resume the same day and saw no answer back. Oh well..."
"@SEXONWHEELS  thats it, rub it in that ur seeing morrissey! il just go and cry in the corner  x"
"Nnnnoooooo!!!! Just learned we've got a frost warning for tonight!"
"Under sooooo much stress lately"
"Gees can this week get anymore horrible....now i cant go to spain"
"@sand67 so sad...sorry to hear that.  She was a sweet dog."
"My Sharpie is running DANGERously low on ink"
"@problogger I know, the suns not even up and ive been up for an hr. Tossa decided to sleep ON my side and cold nose me."
"@JDuckworth I'm so jealous! Wish I could join u. It's so cold in LA right now."
"Poor little Holly will be up all night preparing her act for tomorrow"
"@NikkiCrivello i've got really bad arthritus in my left hand. I cant use my thumb at all"
"@ricanitaliana89 u really don't think so?  maybe ur right....lol. btw what phone u using? think u told me b4...i might have an app for u"
"Hmm, had first pizza in ages and feel a bit sick now  That'll teach me!"
"is sick and it doesn't seem like i'm getting better"
"@misst7 yes, actually, I am. When I'm home, moms does the laundry &amp; I do the babysitting. She broke something that didn't need 2 b fixed"
"@DonnieWahlberg Mr. Ddub how bout' announcing a new date for the NC shows? please don't leave us out. i got my refund 2day for 5*"
"@ProudKiwi missed you by 10 min, haha. went to sleep at 15 past, but had a major anxiety attack around 630 again. ugh.  boo"
"OMG I'VE JUST SEEN WHAT HAPPENED TO HOLLIE! POOR ICKLE ONE"
"man, i ain't been without V's presence in a minute...i feel like a lil kid with no momma"
"wishes zak wuld trust me enough to give me bac my necklace  i want it back, but he thinks i'll cut with it..... http://plurk.com/p/x2qkb"
"http://twitpic.com/67i90 - My plans have been ruined"
"great cant eve locate my phone! there goes 200 down the drain"
"I hate life at the mo, it sucks"
"@chante4dannyxxx Nope probably revision  Hbu? x"
"Husband Went off to bed, now off to missing him again until he is off again Tuesday"
"@simonruggles I would much rather you didn't punch yourself in the face...it might hurt"
"@prd3000 Also, I am technologically challenged and have a cell phone that only makes phone calls.  Can't #tweetb4Ueat"
"Computer is packed away. There goes my life. Right into a cardboard box."
"@itstayloryall you didnt include Taylor in the &quot;Follow Friday&quot;"
"Phoneless for the next couple of hours. No one to blame but myself."
"@AndreaaaB ooops! the last link is the same as the first! sry my mistake"
"I need a job to keep me above waters...thought I had one but apparently its &quot;Casual&quot; so now on the search again"
"My flip flop just broke...walking in downtown seattle"
"is a lil sad bc I wont be able toeat a hot dog and Big Kahuna cookie sandwich at the Ranger game tonight!"
"@jonasbrothers pleaseeeee .. it was the only thing I wanted for my birthdayyyy!  please say happy birthday to me!"
"i have a headache"
"Heyya guys! does anyone know how to give formulas to create a sudoku? Please help"
"soreeeee throattttttt"
"im feeling like ish!  i just wanna go home and go mimis"
"Dad asked me why I was sticking my tongue out while I was ironing, and I told him it was so I didn't burn my finger, as I burnt my finger"
"@ceramicheart gonna go home and TRY to take a nap. I am emotionally exhausted   ... I will be in after.. &lt;3"
"I have a stomach ache... Totally sucks"
"@donotrefreeze THAT'S A SHAME REALLY"
"@Fortyisthenew20 i was stupid and didnt get it, now i cant find it.  i think i have to do ebay but that scares me"
"@donnyosmond Were getting old Donny. I got one starting high school next yr and one going into the 7th. Where have the years gone?!"
"Here at work still feeling the pain for my friend wish I had a magic wand to erase all the madness"
"Omg, my mom just called... Im too late... Hes gone"
"@g4tv Batman: Arkham Asylum, but I don't own a system that will play it, sadness"
"@avstansfield omg i had a meltdown when he died/actually died in real life  av got the box sets!"
"@callmaggie After I water the plants I am headed to the farm. Don't have any popcorn for the goats   Katnip is looking good under saddle"
"slightly burnt challah  The proof is in the eatin', though..."
"Why would someone even do something like that, you gotta be pretty damn desperate for attention!!! lol poor keanu"
"My dog is sick. I love that little doggie. He's usually so keen and happy, but he doesn't even want to go for a run in the forest today."
"@karate_Kid congrats; im still jobless"
"@loveeamber @item84jeremy it sucks no matter where you are! I'm gonna freakin be late for work!"
"@dimensionmedia @refreshboca? what is this? is everyone abandoning me?        ;-)"
"@Impala_Guy Yeah unfortunately  The flight is most expensive.....the rest is not so bad - the flight is ca. USD 800 - 900,--"
"@MamaKimi  hope he is ok!"
"LOVED &quot;Drag Me To Hell&quot; and &quot;Up&quot;...yeah my Spend the Day Studying plan didn't happen"
"Moses and his girlfriend broke up!"
"@MissTinaYao yea. I was off today luv. I shudve told u.   anything exciting happen yet. And I saw u last night"
"Feeling awful, new medication is making me nauseous"
"@BBBaumgartner  sad day. I was lucky enough to realize it before I got out of the parking lot."
"Sad that Gmail chat has died, so I can't help @natalidelconte"
"@BrandonJhon something we all need sometime"
"i don't feeeel good. :/ my head hurts. and i have too much homework to do.  schools no fun. :p hehe"
"Anyone have some advice??? I need it!!"
"@Japes_76 haha.  weird?!?  no sunshine for us"
"@flyersonthefly http://twitpic.com/45r61 -  saddest thing i've seen a while"
"@x_crazyangel oh noooo, did he not get through?"
"Sorry if I'm confusing anyone. I keep forgetting to @reply. The desktop Twitterific  is not so terrific  Very different from iPhone app."
"@maraslj I miss you already   come visit me pleeeeease"
"I just stuck my finger down my throat and there are a bunch of bumps on my tongue &amp; throat."
"mail came, still no inFAMOUS"
"Darts and lunch at Horse Brass... but no beer for me  http://bmap.us/2134"
"@jonsedar I'm jealous. I have so let it slip what with the baby and all. Not sure I could even do a half right now"
"i cant sleep, i dont deserve this .... N you know it"
"OUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.........that really hurt!!!"
"@sunleo727 I'll stop by for a bit when I'm off.  But have to rush to rehearsal - no quiet for me tonight."
"@EidolonNight That's kinda sad. And they're poking me while they're at it. Huh."
"@Amanda_Holden I must admit though, part of me didn't want her to get through so she wouldn't have to put herself through all that again."
"@exorre Our raid leader made us run drills to practice switching"
"Wondering if i cld make things any worse than they already are... answer.. JUST DID!!!"
"after 5pm and no email. looks like i'll be waiting at least until monday. boo."
"just found out my friend's dad passed away yesterday"
"Been job hunting for days. Media and non-media jobs. No lucky  Anyone know of anything???"
"@LezmirandaPOW *humming* hmmm hmmm hmmmm hmmmmmm Touched for the verry first time..... Hmmmm hmmmm hmmm hmm hmm mmm mmmmm ......"
"I really should be doing something more productive, why am I not there yet?"
"@beccaschlagen Oh no!  I hope you find your kitten"
"@McFrezco - whoa. &quot;sack chasing whores&quot; ? that is soo out of character for you to say that...  bring back my sweet Superman"
"@xScarlett_x How did your Geo ISU go? I swear I just had the worse day ever.."
"@chasingsunshine I'm sorry, but you wrote that on a blackberry which means you loose any respect i had for you"
"Waking up way to late = bad.  Getting yelled at for it later = worse."
"Damnit Day 26 is at Northpark mall..I use to live near there  someone steal Mike for meeee!"
"I hate how MS makes me feel. I can't control my legs 2nite &amp; am in too much pain - it's driving me crazy  Anyone else get those moments?!!"
"no one wants a #VirtualKiss"
"Didn't get chance to pick up my copy of Guitar Hero: Metallic yet"
"Yesterday I didn't do much because I was just lazy, but today I don't feel so good."
"Why do i never get to see my paychecks? It's not fair, the second i get them they're gone!"
"@asco will the presentations be available online during the meeting?  The poster discussants are going so fast I can't write fast enough"
"I was expecting the sun to come out today. I guess that's not happening."
"@konst4nt1ne im sick  if i wasnt, id be at the show with ya!"
"My boyfriend just broke his wrist, now he might need surgery  im so nervous"
"@scottisafool  I had a analog tuner the MC team gave me few years ago. No inbox drivers, but WU handled it. WU drivers were pulled in Jan"
"I need help Twitter world! Orange theraflu pills...are those going to be the drowsy or non drowsy?"
"Omg, little kids with cancer is the saddest thing ever"
"@mileycyrus i thought i was your best friend"
"FATTY! omg i just found the worst shit out and idk what to do i need to talk to you!! hopefully i see you when you get off work.  its badd"
"@ChrisGBaillie aaaawwww wont yr brother blip things for you  LOL"
"OCHH ive got blister on my foot over the sun today its soo sore  i supose yas dnt care hah just thaught i tweet it anyways"
"� miss my future, � wanna see her  � for damn sure don't wanna wait til monday"
"@jamieaiken919 *JEALOUS* I desperately wanna go shopping, but alas, I have no cash."
"@juliestrialtrib so sorry to hear that"
"I don't remember the last movie I saw in the theatre, and that makes me really sad"
"@Carolz_S I know McFly gonna be in Brazil  Say them hello!!!...I wanna be there"
"@xXSam_01Xx   dont leave us !!! whats up ? xxx"
"@garycford I gotta say, I feel bad for everyone in NKorea.  They're starving, and they have a crazy in charge who endangers them daily."
"I want to change my twitter name but I can't think of anything"
"Feel hurt. in car. gonna watch a funny movie. someone talk"
"I hear it's a scorcher back home - all we've got here are clouds  Back in the studio, maybe if we're lucky we might get 2 songs done 2day!"
"@PotFace sorry i didnt reply earlier  i feel better now."
"sighs. where's my candy"
"i dont know what gonna do on my lame fridaay  maybe see me with my besties!!"
"Awe i feel so left out"
"I am sad today"
"@annief1 had a panic with the car ....."
"history project"
"@markhoppus aww mark  that makes me sad I got mine on presale."
"Happy its the weekend...LOVE has knocked me down ya'll!!!"
"ug i think i blew my phone interview  i like them!"
"what a day!!! motorways and trains noooootttttttt fun"
"has finally got some Zyrtec for this terrible allergy attack.    I hope it doesn't put me to sleep before the game comes on tonight."
"@cyrusbaby I miss you...  come over and say bye before I leave!!"
"Not looking forward to the upcoming week...My better half will be gone all that time! It's TRULY GONNA SUCK BIG TIME!"
"Didn't realize Animal Kingdom closes so early at 5:00 today. Now I'm stick in the exit traffic"
"srsly, BGT, joke maaan. how lame. ughhhh work tomorah have to get up early"
"My foot still hurts from stepping on a spider...owwwwww"
"@SEGA small? we cant choose?"
"So jealous im not at asylum right now"
"Starting my 2nd shift! Im going to miss like an hour of the lakers game!"
"@Ponyless soz i neva saw this message till now...if u add then delete me i cant see any messages uve left on my page"
"No more spending the day chatting with Steve on the computer   Now what I am I going to do at work?"
"OPS sorry  Queen Mom"
"http://twitpic.com/67jzp McFly concerts through the years [H]... Don't have my '06 one though  :/"
"@AmBamThankYaMam so i spoke too soon.... &amp; my weekend may be delayed for like 20 more min  aaaah i gottaaa get outttt of here b4 i lose it"
"gear troubles all day long!"
"@Shamoneyy I wish my mouth wud lemme chew all tht.. Pause...I def wud love some of that.."
"the tummy monster hates me"
"wow my grandma passed away....I'm too sick to even think, I know she's in a better place now"
"needs a new job either closer to home or worth the drive"
"i wonder if there is a life after Alzheimer's caring. beyond despair. poverty sux but commerce is futile. there is no description. mommy"
"Work is an evil whore. That doesn't let me check my text messages"
"@JodiOKeefee what on earth happened to wentworth's page?!? i'm devastated, as i'm sure ALL of his fans are!"
"@mareyachristina haha i shaved all my facial hair off except for my moustache cause i thought it would be cool! But it made me look gross"
"Just lost my internet signal  how will life go on"
"@willnoon I believe the address is 300 Ottawa Ave. NW, Grand Rapids, MI (Calder Plaza), wish I could've seen you guys last night or today"
"AP: North Korea could opt for devastating land assault... http://tinyurl.com/nmg9ht (via @Drudge_Report) Scary talk to say the least.  mm"
"@therealpickler hey kellie,how are u?I FEEL HORRIBLE!"
"AHHHHHHHH!I can't get miley to notice me......"
"i dont know what to do on my lame fridaay  maybe go out with my besties!!"
"To cap things off, the lower part of my back really hurts."
"@arsenal_fann coming up! Sowwy!"
"what an awkward day. it sucked"
"I am in so much pain I really don't feel too good. Couldn't eat my dinner"
"@astropix Yeah I just accepted UBC's offer last night, but I dunno if I'll still make it in because I've been slacking off a lot lately."
"@mikki_kayla02 Sorry! I didn't mean to ruin the rest of your day"
"My big mistake for today is falling asleep while i got lots of things to do"
"@ShabbyGomer wish we could have surprised them and gone to H, but just couldn't work it out."
"@Jonasbrothers @ddlovato you are disappointing me......"
"@HerMonkeyMan I don't think @JazzyHale22 will want to come back  (guys read your dms)"
"@JonnyRadtke i'll miss you when i go to future kill hannah shows"
"ha im so glad it stopped raining.  my umbrella broke today"
"Is trying to recover from a broken heart....yet again for the 2nd or 3rd time"
"have a biiig headache."
"I have started to fear weekends since joining German classes"
"I am pretty confused.. leaving is the best option and I know it will benefit me.. but I don't want to leave behind what I truely love"
"I wish my cats were indoor cats."
"this darn cold just keeps getting worse  i bought some hayfever pills just to try out maybe i've had that all along"
"late for @mobicamp  sick kid at home, hope she feels better later tonite"
"@MeccaDonna  well hit me and we can see...it depends then"
"The random article generator on Wikipedia led me to: http://bit.ly/EMtcw which I remember playing before. I never got past the 1st level"
"@riskybizness23 You never write back babe.... my feelings are hurt"
"plus it hurts seeing sum1 you love falling for someone else!  not even kidding im wellllllllllllll gutted. xx xx"
"Back from the gym! I'm no expert or anything, but I'm pretty sure I am not going to be able to move tomorrow, maybe even in a few hours!!"
"Last day at DMA over!     a million sad faces."
"Going to buffalo wild wings to meet up with my best friends I haven't seen in forever! Too bad I can't eat the food"
"i am on BLAZE and my head hurts."
"oh, not just his IMs, but also from all my friends who IM me! This really sucks, I am always not around!"
"@mileycyrus i thght i voted bt i dnt think it workd!  Whats the link 2 vote for u! Nobody deserves it more than u do. Ur so talented. I&lt;3U"
"don't feel good"
"@BananasMel Tried and no good but thanks anyway.   Off to youtube world."
"I wanna feel my chin"
"had best get revising over da weekend got an exam on Monday for 2 hours!!!!!!!"
"is allergic to you...Oh NO!"
"My breath is weezy.  No more going to knotts when you've been sick all week."
"I'm feelin sad, depressed, lonely, unhappy all at once. Rwhats wrong with me"
"My back hurts...really bad"
"@MizSocialite it's 2 big I can't Use it 4 everday use"
"I have a headache. Also we are dealing with a lice outbreak. My lovely hair has been affected."
"@receptiongal  hope your day gets better soon!!"
"Wtf i just found out that the 20th annual NJ state chili cookoff is tomorrow and im gonna miss it"
"@secretidcrisis Sorry to hear that, dude"
"@SnowVsAsphalt Not at the moment, well i cant find it yet!  LOL"
"It's not monsoon season in Telluride yet, so why does it keep raining everyday?!"
"@Bells83 Never been to the USA before  It would be great to the cruise/tour next year. Whatever it is its gonna be a blast"
"feeling like I'm gonna fall asleep any time now but I can't."
"Problem with my must do list is: once I write it I usually forget where I've placed it...1st thing on my to do list--find my to do list"
"@WeWantNEYOnVibe Knock You Down is playing now...again!!! Cna my day get any better?? I love it!! How r u? Missed u"
"@dcorsetto Ugh my trousers do that too and I've never found a way to combat it! It's so weird"
"@iamhuntersmith yep, probably will be... wish you had let me know you were interested... had extra corporate chalet tix and let them go"
"from seeing all my koreans buisnesses failing."
"Hey @itsmskay sorry about your headahce"
"Class until 9:30  yes on a Friday night..."
"@tshirtterrorist no sign yet"
"Where did everyone go?? boo got no-one to twitter on to now  Wonder if I can con some innocent un-suspecting people into talking to me??"
"Trying to calm down kitten.  She is so rowdy."
"needs to find SOMETHING to wear to graduation. lol can't find anything!"
"...And omg whats this dirty letter from Danny everyones been on about? Its absolutely none of my business but I still feel left out lol"
"lighters get lost in remastering the same way socks are lost in the dryer  ? http://blip.fm/~7a6ea"
"Nooooo! Its going to rain on my birthday"
"@LuvToSparkLe oh i hate it when that happens. i when i transfered universities i had a hell of a time transferring my credits! lost a few"
"is sad she is going to miss the Dream Team party... but i didnt RSVP in time."
"@AYEJILLA &amp; @andrewEMT suck at trying to scare people but are good at killing naps.   http://myloc.me/218m"
"@HalfDeadPrince i always wants those.. but i would look really dumb!"
"SB 239K.  Flop A Q 9.  4 players check. Turn 9. I check call 200 bet. River brick. I check call with trip 9's with K kick. He shows A9."
"@cutebug yeah same here... I have a bit of headache too... ick"
"@captainflashman wish i could eat pizza, unfortunately it is forbidden here, only low GI, high iron stuff and lots of insulin injections!"
"@Remy_Foster Still not working"
"@RobbieBarnes weaned myself off it"
"So broken now"
"Hmmm.... My whole body feels sore!"
"...wait, I lied."
"Im worried, not in a happy place right now   Deadline for important discussion 1st June :/"
"sometimes the fact that my health for the lack of a better word SUCKS really scares me"
"my day is starting at 2:38pm. woops  work in less than 3 hours..."
"IN PAIN. my big toe got stomped on during the hokey cokeu. it's throbbing. anyone have any suggestions to heal it?"
"man im so sad school is ending  but then again high school might be better :O"
"just picked her kids up from Challenger for the last time."
"I wanna go home, but I can't cause the customers won't leave... And my boss won't let me leave either"
"I need a haircut. I should not be able to pull my hair into a ponytail."
"I worked more today than I did yesterday, but my time card says that I worked the same....  oh well... Hello weekend!"
"Currently drinking effervescent Vitamin C. This sore throat is getting worse..."
"@TomFelton it wasn't that good tonight  I know DCD though .... I won't say what happened!"
"It appears I'm going home tomorrow...and it's not a good thing..."
"Preston stayed home and I don't know why"
"@JennaVonTweet Ohhh french tip! My fave, my nails aren't long enough yet tho  Ill ask the manicurist"
"Why can't my HP use Dell Dock?"
"@SteveHealy Oh no! you poor thing  you must have booked the tickets before you realised it was Pat Kenny's last night, gutted for you...."
"has some bad newss"
"srsly, nobody evr reply's 2 me."
"is sad that Piggy died"
"@Bill_Nye why so quiet lately?"
"@greasemusical Hi, I hope Ray is o.k. Please give him our love and hope he returns soon. Hope its not too bad"
"@NLtommy nope  don't think I will. Thnx for asking lol I will be fine"
"Here's almost 1 AM and I'm staying with my open window...otherwise I'd suffocate myself.  It's way too warm! Ah ~ I so much miss rains !"
"@travisricejr Because the ferry that was supposed to take us out changed their schedule. So now I have to fly out on June 30 on a red eye"
"Work soon. Lame going to miss the @Lakers  Go Lakers! Hope you win!!!!"
"I need a Xanax and have none"
"IN PAIN. my big toe got stamped on during the hokey cokey. it hurts so much! anyone have any suggestions to help with it?"
"http://twitpic.com/67l90 - @lunawoodcock girrrrrrrrlll i'm going to miss you so bad!!!!"
"I don't wanna be a fatass when I go to Europe. Need to eat right but it's so difficult"
"@Terrellbrw No money... and No Car..."
"I think my modem failed-having pc withdrawals.."
"I can't sleep... And now????"
"pmg im very upset no just relasie hugh laurie isnt on  xxx ohh"
"I'm going to be without a computer for a few days"
"Hoping I at least have fun 2nite.  Today was 1 horrible way 2 start off a birthday"
"Lunch sucked ran out of time  didn't get anything done"
"@maureenjohnson i looked for you but couldn't find you amongst the crowd"
"@karamcdowell I'm sorry, that stinks."
"My voice hurts. No We We Rock You the musical singing tonight.."
"Oh what a day it has been! Stress and thinking about the future is making me sad!"
"im so sad that im missing the @chiodos show in ohio. it's the first show ive missed in 3 years that's been close enough to drive to."
"@jayc1980 @bopsicle called the venue and someone else called - said no tailgating  but we're gonna picnic anyway LOL"
"@AmyXDD we better be i was jus readin the magazine nd it sounded like London were better than us !!!!!"
"Our Quinn puppy got a sick."
"Fml just ran a mile.. And I just got scraped by my yearbook and I got 1/10 on my math test. Eff today"
"I was kinda looking forward to seeing Seann William Scott in the office today"
"He still doesn't love me... I won't ask again"
"having to use IE =/ firefox is playing up and i don't know why  will try and fix it tomorrow."
"Gone to the shiggity shwa. back Sunday."
"My Twitteeeerrr babiieshow Ive missed you  I hate this whole not having a phone thng"
"hugh isn't on it @wossy lied last week"
"Guess not today"
"Okay so I'm trying to be happy and deal with my problems and my friends' also. Its hard"
"@kabobbins nevermind....I kept reading and see ya'll r gonna be in Williamsburg   I'll mind my business now, lol"
"@kristenmchugh22 Oh, I'm so sorry!...my kitty is there right now being checked...losing lots of weight over last 3 wks. Not good"
"Heading home in the rain  no pool today...guess I will hit the treadmill instead."
"@EyeFiCard boo...I thought being on the list meant it would be good to go  looks like i'll have to get a CF adapter for my dslr!"
"Dropped my lei off at the cemetary."
"@drsteggy The evidently didn't have any of the smaller ones   I will keep looking.  I got a keen thing though for $7 that should do..."
"So bummed that I can't see LTJ in June  hoping for a UK yoke soon"
"@purlingsprite that is a bummer"
"@kdritchie77 I just tried to go back and the police blocked off the whole neighborhood.  they're evacuating the building now"
"YAY! My cousin is coming over. I am so stressed my big recital is tomorrow. I tried to practice it and cant remember it."
"fuck my life."
"@eallen444 oh em i'm sorry  i wuv you to pieces"
"google wave next, can't keep up with the 186 ways i can communicate with people now  what happened to good old fashioned letter writing?"
"@MrPerfect919 i did have 1 n i still do...this job is so dead 2 me right now..."
"CRYING CUZ PEOPLE WONT FOLLOW ME!!!!!!!"
"@DaSqUeAkYOne those were the good days the jetsons comes on right after finltstones ! i missed it today tho"
"Mel? Where Are You You Shud Be Here At My House"
"is going to sleep. Tomorrow Exam Review"
"is hating the weather. UGH."
"live now! but nobodys there!"
"wants to scream, because the damn phot won't load...I guess this default will do for now"
"drinking lemsip cause apaently i need ittt! IM NOT SICK"
"gots my beathing suit that i ordered from victoia's secret. but i have to exchange the bottoms, so i have to wait another 2 weeks"
"Well that just sucks. Good way to make me feel bad"
"@gettemkbr yo u can't love 1 twin and not the other lol"
"I've recently gained this highly sad feeling when I say goodbye to someone who I won't see ever again. Even if I barely know them!"
"@antennaswrvu i can't figure out how to listen to it from the internet"
"Watching GH. I feel so bad for Carly.  OMG, so fucked up."
"mattress armada needs to play a show soon or i'm going to be seriously sad"
"Rats the Creative VADO's are out of stock at walmart.com I'm too late."
"@lovexoL what happened to your phone"
"@shivface oh my god im sooooooooo sick  help me"
"@MrBenzedrine you got your lion hoodie!! mines still a week or so away  what number is yours?"
"@albanydia Not that funny! I wont jump"
"Greg Pritchard was robbed  ii am too gutted for words"
"@misspostit Na, ya ando pelon"
"@Scaraboo Ouchies. Sorry to hear it  Are you going to get it checked out?"
"@konstantinshero now my heart isnt cold  but im still missing you."
"@jennyboomboom83 I know how you feel Darian is in LA with Bam and I am missing him terribly. And I won't see him until Sunday."
"@drerae awww. that sux! my mom has a totally numb finger as well ever since she had her surgery for her hip replacement..sucky."
"listening to ryan adams and being sick"
"@racer108 you shouldnt have to reset more than once  if it doesn't work right the first time, something is up"
"Stu is actually SEVERLY sunburnt....it hurts!!!"
"@leprakhauns trying to have a baby, don't want my soda addiction to be a problem, so i quit  still sad and craving it though"
"i wanna leave work already! Not feelin it 2day"
"@ashleygaskins  sowwy. Lover you"
"I really really really dont want to go to work! 4th shift of the week just to start over on sunday"
"My back is soooooo hurting."
"Recovering from a bad fall at lunch. Great start to the weekend."
":'( big brother in 4 days! This means constant live tripe on e4 and no scrubs to fall asleep to! Not happy"
"@TickingTimeBomb LMOA! i just quit one of mine, too much stress"
"@Gemmaboyle I hope it'll go by as quickly as possible."
"Still @ hospital, unexpected complications"
"Btw, I think I may miss my flight.  Sasha's gonna be upset. But traffic was horriffic. Pull for me, guys!!!"
"@stephenfry I'm afraid your comments on MP's expenses were hopelessly out of touch with the average person average salary. V.insensitive"
"but now my feet really hurt..."
"i cba with it now   ohwell might play another innabit"
"@flyzik awe! i miss him so much. they're on &quot;vacation&quot;. which has lasted for like, six months. and i miss you!"
"Just dropped my new mobile down the loo.  Fingers crossed it works as I still have 17.5mths left on the contract"
"@kterwin I keep trying to talk myself out of Australia by thinking of the jet lag  So far it isn't working... I still want to go!"
"Just as quickly people arrived people have gone  Still hungry must find food!"
"Poor winston!  Going on a run!"
"Home Sweet Home by Carrie Underwood makes me sadd"
"nervous about going out tomorrow, cos its the first time since my daughter was born, she's 2!!! HELP"
"@Pworldwide no I didn't"
"Why does Urban Outfitters taunt me with amazing clothing that's way too expensive."
"my son got stung by a bug for the first time  his little finger is slightly swollen."
"Really tired JAKe always gives me more work"
"Head hurts bad"
"Headed home ... Charlie's at the vet"
"@ellenmoore08 I would if I was home"
"I think I may have frozen my butter by accident."
"had a great time out in the beer garden wit the boyos !! I think the sun got to me a bit though, feel a bit ill !!"
"Sad that the Statue of Liberty will completely reopen 2 weeks after our NYC trip."
"Can't stop coughing"
"Stupid HomeWork Is A Waste Of My Time !"
"@jpadamson I certainly know the feeling. Wesley is sleeping and I want to go get something to eat but I only have $4.38 in my account"
"@MrsNewlywed what happened? I missed 4 hours of updates"
"At Marlees doc appointment poor babygirl has to get shots"
"sore head..hope my girls ok"
"Nearly ran over a pheasant on the driving lesson  Baws."
"oww...just bit my tongue"
"anyone else having a problem accessing their account info on the istore?  i cant buy music and cant look at my account"
"I have uncontrolable hic-ups right now that hurt"
"@ThisStarChild *uhum* try that again - unlike the pretty women on here I just don't look 21 any more"
"14 hours later, I am still too drunk to drive... For shame on me for letting myself drink that much. I am not in peak spirits right now."
"Okay, the man with the hook for a hand is kinda freaking me out right now."
"@SweetChhavvi sick girl!  trying to shake this thing off but no luck .. How are you miss long time.."
"My lower-left molar stings whenever it comes into contact with sugar of any sort"
"@JamieBolerjack still here unfortunately!!!!"
"I feel sick. And I have a solo tonight at my vocal jazz concert.  great"
"I've got a headache  !!!"
"Uh oh, I am sunburned"
"I didn't get the job at Berry Line after all."
"Working 12 hours saturday and sunday  atleast i'll have my phone to keep me company.."
"@CameronMonroe_x Hey &quot;Cameron&quot;, I know it was amazing and I have sunburn too  So my mum isn't happy,, . &amp; my throat kills . . Still &lt;3 it"
"I hope I make it to the bank before it closes. Ahhh traffic! And then I have to go back to work."
"my feet hurt"
"@SamDescartes  Laws change in the 70s or 80s.   I could really push it bcause gran from Bathgate, but she was US citizen b4 dad born."
"Doesn't feel like working out.  @ 12th Street Gym http://loopt.us/OGqB5w.t"
"@Mattwerkmeister heyy have you deleted your myspace account  cause the link in the side bar wont work it says its been deleted wb ily xxx"
"Subhana Allah... I got scare told you i started having anxiety"
"feels really sick after eating some form of chicken. Why do restaurants make their grilled chicken sooo greasy"
"has to be in cockermouth for 8:45 tomorrow morning, jesus christ i want sleep"
"the sing store won't work."
"My dad and Joe Nugent drank nearly all the Ice Tea  i only have a bit left. quite miffed tbh"
"Seeing people today made me realize I really miss someone. But I also miss my grandpa he's been gone 17 years  oh! but my moms mamagra ..."
"feeling hot hot hot! honestly us scots are so not used to sun the minute we get some, we fry!!  x"
"@gregkang ah allergies  you must be sleeping walking at work!"
"@ox_grace I can't do anything"
"@DC_Zol I would like to make a comment about the password but I can't on this medium"
"@samigrady traumatizing moment of my childhood. my dogs massacred baby bunnies and my brother and i got out the bb gun..."
"@Sam_Fenton i didnt even finish cleaning my room cuz i went to a party ahhhh  ITS STILL MESSY"
"gives you a Haiku status (inspired by Michelle Yuen)  the sun is shining a perfect day glorious day outside my office"
"Where's my baby?!"
"Alcohol  toncilitus  but alcohol cancels it out"
"stoped broadcasting on blogtv coz they all left  and was on my own and one one came any way xD"
"Today was not an inspirational photography day  #photography -  http://twurl.nl/jnizbw"
"Would appear not  note to self...change perfume!  What to do now..Hmm do I get the tarot cards out or not??"
"You people haVe no idea how depressing it is being at a steakhouse and not being able to eat"
"The graduation ceremony should be starting about now. I really wish I could be there."
"Someone keyed my car."
"I am sad because I broke my super-awesome giant paper clip I was using for my Italy notes"
"i need to read @lizzie123x fic again, but i lost it"
"@kiyoshimartinez - 05/31 marks the end of our roommate era. And you never made me empanadas again."
"@binhog737 Sorry about the weather, hopefully you're not in the 2-3 hour wx delays here in BWI"
"@simoncowelI got really sad wen holly started crying   awwww bless"
"no longer works at swiss chalet"
"This weekend is going to be packed full of work for school  No life this summer I'm afraid."
"@_finn_ Except I dropped him on my break and now he's got a ding in his side.  At least it wasn't the screen."
"i cant believe that its already friday! omg, what had i done?!"
"@FilmsRUs oh 2mrw? Yea I won't b there  but maybe next time"
"If you're going to actually read them you have to at least sign up  no fair!"
"@pen15lvr they frown on us googling alcohol at work"
"I have the biggest headache ever. My photosensitivity is getting OUT OF CONTROL!! Help."
"misses Nanny."
"I miss my doggy,my hammy,my turtle &amp;&amp; my fishes"
"still have a high fever"
"I kind of miss a certain someone already.  and, i never get to see him again."
"Dropping my mum at the station   I'll miss u mum"
"@mona_tweets I wish I could be there to give you the biggest hug right now. I'm so sorry, I can't imagine how painful it must be"
"Do I really look like the gay guy with the dark hair and sleeve from #BGT dreambears?"
"@rainofashes I would never do that to an innocent individual, plus it's really unsanitary"
"@annaavila oh noooo.. dont cry  we'll see.. ill talk to krys... text her and see what she says.. we're both pooped.. so idk."
"wtf at facebook spam saying that my DAD is my secret admirer"
"whats wrong with you, my sweet laptop!!!!!!"
"im getting really spotty and my spots ALWAYS scar... and NO its not because i pick them, even if i dont,they scar- FACT  my skin sucks"
"always makes bad decisions"
"gettin ready to put on a show  ugh i really hope ppl dont comee"
"@EvilKimIsEvil I was sad to hear they shaved too  I really liked the beards. I feel like I'm in the minority."
"Tweet riot. I can't download Tweet Genius on my other device"
"@ amhzz... did u get an invite? I miss u"
"Not feeling all that well today"
"Oh man now it's raining...seatbelt now buckled...thanks bates for wishing I have a blow out and flip and burn up"
". @LauraLeeShaw Will have to try.  Our Pei Wei closed so I can't try there."
"OMG i havent been on twitter all day  going thru withdraws"
"hardware store guy told me the screw would be impossible to remove since the head is completely gone. will get a 2nd opinion"
"Ahhhhhhhhh man blew up my amp!!!!! no more shredding"
"my skin is burning up so much"
"got through two thirds of new moon in three days, now on to eclipse..........then more work  assignments sadly dnt write them selves."
"@BitchNotAPerson Actually, I'm supposed to do that w/ my dad + cousin, My cousin is in trouble though, so we never get together"
"@StephanieBamBam @tjtrapp I can't join your game... it's a private beta"
"I'm not ditchin i'm barfin so sorry guys  ESOTSM;"
"its too hot in my room. i wanna go swimming."
"#Ajax #php! Just thinking about a concept of autorefresh! @varun_chander made a mistake here"
"YAY jack won. but downer i've just remembered its friday meaning i have work tomorrow"
"@Direct2Dell  my mini 10 order is delayed again.  Can I call to add the TV tuner for $20 more??"
"@PaulaAbdul I was supposed to go boating/songwriting in Cape Cod.. but its cold and rainy"
"Omg! Why cant i eat. Everything i eat hurts my stomach and it comes right out of me."
"@gail_collins I'm not sure I understand how this twitter thing works..."
"@thomasfiss i flew from washington to calfornia , are you still gonna be at the meet&amp;  greet tomorrow ?"
"Anyway. Can't take this shit no longer. Or my mind will blow off."
"I'm soooooooo hungry right now. DH is still not home."
"Soo tired! Feel worn out. Want to go to sleep but gotta go back out"
"@LadyHaych Totally agree, she wasn't even as good as the judges said wither! Just said it to make her feel better"
"Headache.  Very. Large. Headache.  A little dizzy and feel ill too.    Yucky."
"@kiks956 aww  i hope u find it soon i miss it. i cnt even use my cam w/o it, memory's full. plus i wanna take it 2 SA this commin weekend."
"@NauticaThorn I love you, but I don't love twitter   Hey, are you going to Xbiz?  It's in VEGAS!"
"right im out of here peeps.. i hope @twitter fixes twitter mobile so i can tweet from the race.. m.twitter has been down for 4 days  #fail"
"omg!! i have so many finals to study for !!! i so freaked out that im gona fail"
"Done! Goin home to eat dindin and contemplate what the night holds for me"
"Metro from trader joe to 71st closed so many firemen and cops wth happened?! Walking home bus can't go further  ohh"
"@EileenLeft I am disappointed in the lad. I think he unfollowed me. @ryking is not showing me the love."
"BRAINFREEZE"
"@pillowfarmer So sorry about all that  praying for you"
"@coollike Sounds awesome, wish I could go but no way I could afford it   Have fun!"
"i never though i'd be in this situation. i don't like it. at all."
"@dvautier Burst my bubble!"
"@TraceyMmm awww  what did you eat sweety?"
"Is sad that her brother is having a bad day"
"oops just unfollowed everyone!  anywayz, will build my Twitter Empire.... again...."
"has to go to sleep but is not sleepy at all!!"
"@ThisStarChild Night you. Damn did I give you #ff? If not, sorry, I will do a late one tomorrow. I always forget someone  night xxx"
"OK, when will this post RNY girl learn; rich sugary food is a BAD idea! No more golden graham bars out of the vending machine. Bleck!"
"@Chriscornell why isnt everyone with you?"
"At the dentist for Hopes first check up. Lets she how she handles a dentist."
"Super bummed the Whitecaps game plans with friends fell through...I now need to be home by 7 to let the sitter go"
"dedicating the next 2 hours to cleaning the house"
"went to the doctors for a physical (including blood work -_-) and the eye doctors for new glasses."
"Frustrated with life on a whole new level  Trying to trust God in all of this."
"@jwphillips I have no IPhone (poor credit!).    But I cannot live without my cell phone! I am on mass transit every day!"
"super bored on a friday night"
"@xirclebox Problem is I have to get it done this weekend one way or another."
"is sooo stressed about everything I have to do"
"@john_370 i thought he was off until next week...i think we have another week to do his ohmygod please tell me with have another week"
"Trying to find a foreign place in a foreign town  i have being lost"
"@xoshayzers I'm sorry."
"is sad that today is her last day in san diego"
"waiting around for boyfriend. then off to queens. ... looks like it's going to pour here in dt bklyn. umbrellaless"
"@Rooks_ nooo  no roo crying. but omg i wanted to slap her. she was singing fine then from out of nowhere- BOOHOOOOOOOOOOO"
"@CHRIS_Daughtry  FYI Canada cannot see the VH1 preview of the video"
"owww, back pain  hm, walmart or no? i could get cupcakes~"
"i hope it doesnt rain tonight tomorrow my fam. comes to visit swimming pool and carne asada  if it rains the pool is going to be dirty"
"The balmain knockoffs in bebe make me sad.....I want the real deal...these shoes look cheapy cheapy."
"i think my cold is getting worse, not better!!  i cant stop coughing - it really sucks!!"
"I don't know how to use twitter!!"
"MAYDAY?!"
"more work to do"
"Sittin at the hospital with isaac cause he hit his head"
"Feeling lonely and in need a a good friend"
"I need my car back"
"My legs are killing me now.  but i know it's a good pain all in all."
"Back from town and my Mac crashed on me  but it's better now"
"I can't figure out the empire puzzle.  Stuck at 36"
"Dear co-worker, its great you don't want to smell, that's what deordant is for, not a bath in cologne"
"@VestaEresta: Geez, a cool man like him be the villains. Too bad"
"Took a kind-of nap, too. My tummy hurts."
"@charrrbabyy I know!!  effing embarrassing! Eff our lives"
"Ugh,what a boring day"
"wanna b marie antoinette, cos she had perfect hairdo, fab clothes, n tons of macarons.  Crappy day"
"So... Inconclusive. There's still a chance i'll need surgery. I see the doctor again in 3 weeks for more x-rays."
"WHY CANT I FIND IT!!!"
"Just found a tink cover for a wii remote but the people i know dont have a wii  fail"
"@meg_la_mania  it worries me: we read nasty stories about murder, paedophilia and disfigurement and only get upset about animal cruelty."
"@hamoke: these lecturing, book-worm beasts, out for a noble cause. . .why can't they just be normal"
"@OfficialBB  Will we be able to see clips/episodes on the C4 website from America?  Or will I languish reading the news stories again?"
"@CThun @regent_lord Can't we just all get along?"
".....headache"
"@AngelIVXXX I tried to DM you but your not following me"
"@myrewyn oh no! Poor thing keep us posted."
"@Juicytots yay!! we'll all move!! sorry dh is being Grr...  xx"
"Just got back from the grocery store. Now I'm starving and can't find anything to eat!"
"@hoperana nigel really enjoyed it, but he's got a big scratch on his side that inexplicably appeared afterwards..."
"Computer remains dead"
"This world makes me sad"
"on lookbook craving everyones clothes  i want a pencil skirt so baddd, someone send me one"
"i really want to ring @mitchelmusso but it costs 2 much  dam you credit crunch"
"@Argyle_SocksO_o: I'm sorry, Shannon."
"@Sarawkweird I think that's pretty awesome. I could quote LOTR:ROTK for one summer, but now I can't anymore."
"I'm so getting the cold"
"Feel quite down, not quite sure why though :s so going to bed  night everyone x"
"@Jesse236  I don't have any from you"
"@joyzaphine Ouch! Sunburn's bad! Hope it's not to sore on your bedding, that's always the problem."
"@phunybuny @iamtheplague Wow.  I hope he gets better... cancer can GTFO."
"sorry dunners just saw your tweet! totally let you down im so sorry babe  was at work till 8.30 very boooooo"
"Ever since Orchid quit drinking from a bottle, she's been eating us out of house and home! Holy crap girl! Still not drinking milk though"
"@DoMeZydrate I agree. I missed a LOT while I was away and busy and now it's like a whole new place"
"Needs to learn lines for show, else director is going to kick my butt"
"@Impala_Guy Me neither  But it�s getting better"
"My husband just went fishing   How come knitting keeps you at home?  I need a lady hobby that lets me get out of cooking."
"My baby has his first busted lip."
"@ritzybee yes - it has put a damper on us &quot;getting to know&quot; Georgetown! Instead he is watching tv and I am catching up on invoices."
"I smashed my pinky in julia's car door... Fuck my life..."
"Not  looking forward to next   wednesday at all"
"@TferThomas so did you watch?  I'd forgottenmost of it, enjoyed re-seeing it, but paying for it today, my face doesnt bounce back anymore"
"Daddy just left.................without me  http://yfrog.com/13pdrmj"
"actually, i like almost everything about my job right now. except the part where it's not permanent"
"bored bored bored! wish i had something to do tomorrow, especially with the weather we're to have!  not fair"
"Traffic along McArthur!  okay, keeping my eyes on the road and my hands on the phone, err, steering wheel."
"I feel bad over everything..  How can I be so stupid? Why was I so harsh? Its my fault, I know it. I'm sorry SaVvy, love you guys&lt;3"
"so upset"
"has a tummy ache"
"yeah its Friday! I thought my sis was coming into town turns out she is not!!  so sad! i miss my babies!!!"
"That sucks that u have 2 go through that  id b pissed 2"
"Stuck in awful traffic in the way to the wedding. Ceremony is supposed to start now. Ughhh."
"Got my report card back- I was at 88 for my average and i went down to 82  now I have to kick it up a notch!!!"
"@jaykpurdy awww poor jayk. :[ try to make the drive fun.and eat something soon!have a great show tonight i wish i could go,i live too far"
"I think Max (my cat) may really be gone"
"@KidCalloway SOWWY  I had 2 get up at 6:30 this morning"
"Ahhhhhh i feel ill , i dont think i should drink :L lmaoo"
"learning all about non-payment from a client.  For a new business this is a headache I was hoping to avoid"
"my phone died  and i really need to go home to do my recap for @capstreetteam from last night! aiyaiyah! hate running errands"
"@Brandystrippers OI, are you mocking the fact I dont cry at tv things?!  *Feels bad*xxx"
"soo fucking stressed out...I think I could possibly lose it"
"av ad a realy gd day wiv Ciara Connolly at  park gate west kirby and new brighton.. fukin funny bt sunburnt.. luks like drivers arm"
"j. alexanders... i'm sorry nintendo, but if i'm in a collared shirt then chances are you're staying home tonight"
"@JonathanRKnight Oh, you poor thing!!    So sorry, babe...."
"@alex_lpz yeah text me!!! i wnat to go!!!!! but my car is broken!!"
"@Jennvy Hey sorry this is late, I leave in 30 min  raincheck...tomorrow?"
"Damn if there is anytime I need my car... its now! Dammit"
"@siansburys I've lost count of the number I've rung today already    Were going to Wales, but I'm due in court on monday!"
"I don't like thunder. And neither does the doggy."
"ugh!!! i hate my life! no one is hiring! *sigh* stupid economy.... stupid bush"
"My cat is anorexic"
"@VintnersCellar If only they weren't in Shelby Twp"
"@Jamiebower  you should come to Chile and your band too;) why everything  happens far away from here?? lol we're losing good live music!"
"@BPVorsight thx for the suggestion - I don't think it'll be easy to convince her cold calling isn't aweful tho"
"Trips are soooo not fun when you're sick"
"Holy cheese sending things to the motherland is muy caro"
"why I love so much, why your make me smile all the time? why your so special but i cant have u  ? I got scared to try."
"@martinhavlat aww that sounds sad"
"Doing my fieldwork databook. Slept awkwardly. Bones all sore."
"throat is reallyyyyy sore , i can barely talk"
"@Clareies I'm 25 in december that's not good at all next big birthday is 30  after 21 it flys by for sure"
"MY BEST FRIEND IN THE FUCKING WORLD IS MOVING AHHHHHHHHHHH wat am i 2 do im not a happy camper"
"please do not let me get obsessed, whatever or whoever is in charge of my actions  you've been doing such a bad job lately"
"@PatBrough I've been there.  The only place I have flown out of since moving up north. Really pretty area for flying, but very expensive"
"Just got caught in the down pour"
"so we got our cap&amp;gowns today! senior year is coming to an end soo fayst!"
"@AdidasGoddess19 HAHA Amen! Im sooo damn hungry... And I hate knowing my weekends gonna be shit, when its supposed to be great"
"@DreamingMyth why not?"
"Checkin out oramarecords.com. Got a fever and cnt sleep"
"@ragavin  is there anything Brian or I can do?"
"@TattedHairGuy I'm sorry to hear about your uncle. I hope you're okay!"
"Freakin' frustrated why can't my coach realize that times are hard ain't nobody got the money to buy cookie dough for no new uniforms"
"@vanriper so how's the new gphone?! I guess I should have signed up to go to google io after all"
"I am sad... Tanner wasn't invited to the Panthers development camp this year  Poor (other) Glassers. But Calla was, so good on him."
"@marshallsheldon Probably not a good idea, its hard to tweet on the web, I miss Tweetdeck!  *cry*"
"@ddlovato it's quite hard cause when you attempt to spread it, the cornbread falls apart..."
"@Christe1 So sad. Your mom must be very shaken up. Peace and strength to her and the dear family that lost their little girl"
"Head--&gt;ache."
"@AdamSchwabe http://twitpic.com/67owu - Nice - I had tickets for tonight's game, but I'm staying home sick"
"I didn't get my q'doba today! sad"
"@Katizzle hehe yeah! but too late hun"
"@tropigalia I know, I stink at birthdays  sorry bra, hope you're having fun anyhow, in spite of me!"
"The book bloggers panel is not listed anywhere in the program!   Be there tomorrow at 2pm in room 1E15.  #BEA09"
"I have ants in my apartment"
"@thesmartplanner I so wish I could go to your blogging bootcamp in Knoxville this coming week! I'm so close but yet so far."
"Phone power is dying!"
"@heyagainlando Their inability to manage money, tough job market, and they're getting behind on bills. This is why no savings is bad"
"I'm still recouperating from the holiday weekend, wow, I've never been sunburnt before, this really hurts"
"@Impala_Guy Sorry about you�re mom  But it�s great to hear your dad is the best - then you forgive him the SPARKLE ?"
"Brianne. Can you call me when convenient? I don't have you # and am not near comp"
"So not looking forward to hurricane season. 3 days until..."
"@faffyfoo Yeah ...  I don't know why that happened on this video..."
"my sleeping child does not want to wake up.....she will be up all night now"
"@educatedlady lame"
"@morgannJayy  lol...maybe for you...I still have to go in monday."
"@bowwow614 hey Bow when yu comin baxx 2 thaa 614 we miss yu hun  ...614 all day!!"
"when is it gonna be nice out"
"Feeling like crap sucks."
"im sosososo sad, i should be seeing cory lamb in a few hours  i love that kid."
"isnt going to the movies!! i got grounded"
"@ashleymshep yeah girl you betta be on twitter! i miss you. jealous of jen's limo ride"
"@Kaylalallama:  She's going to beamer for the rest of high school. i'm so sad. there will be no more prn journal."
"@TessMorris I considered being a nurse when I was younger but I really don't think I could cope if a baby died"
"my msn crashes way too much  hmph"
"@Mitchelmusso: I sent you an other call me back message  x"
"My back is all kinds of messed up, and Strudel is going to live in another town until we move, I'm going to miss the little runt"
"New phone isn't syncing with my computer...I need numbers"
"Freakin' HAWT guys at this restaurant...where I'm eating dinner with my father"
"@LMStellaPR Must have been the night for it. We had a nightmare evening too. You still sick too? Never gonna get well w/out sleep!"
"Missed the WBC counterprotests.  But probably going to WaterFire with Ben, yay!"
"@adamjackson Better than what I did to my MacBook keyboard yesterday! (Spilled a whole cup of hot chocolate on it.)"
"graduation is done  im a little sad.. anyone want to hang out???"
"Realized that ManagingOnlineForums hasn't been reviewed on AMZN in May! I'd love if someone would share their thoughts! http://is.gd/JolG"
"Is have a bad night at work."
"@ItsOneTen now you're scaring me.... can't you just be mad? Don't jip the world of your presence"
"can't sleep without my routine &quot;before-bed snack&quot;, but  to find that it comes along with a fatfat tummy."
"Aw. Torn ace of hearts  #Hunchback"
"@Kikirowr Aw not again!  Feel better soon bb!"
"Omg i here thunderrrr i wish i was home  i love cuddling with a blanky during a storm"
"http://twitpic.com/67qv3 - Me at Forever 21  Ethan couldn't be there"
"Poor Kella is on meds now for an ear infection; she lost her food all over @deannamichelle twice at the doc's"
"Back is killing me, wish the pain would go away"
"I think I have H1N1...     Or maybe just a cold."
"@JYBeliever sore throat (like hurts to swallow) runny nose and constant sneezing"
"im so tired  &amp;i miss dionee already."
"@jeweljk I can't get it to load for me."
"back to work tomorrow  whose idea was it to go back on a saturday?!? Oh wait... that would be mine. FAIL."
"@mollyissogyo I made room...I don't have a bed from how much room I made and now I'm outta space for sure lol, and I know I'm pathetic"
"Im so depressed! I got an 80 on my global test"
"hey @mitchelmusso i tried callin u but it wont let me"
"Wow, NOT free WiFi &amp;&amp; you have to pay for parking!? Reduculous!!!"
"@ingridmusic whaaaaaat? oh no! why didn't I know you were here?"
"@aAaAle  haha ...i'll let you know how the show was ... hope here in romania they will show it on Mtv.Sunday morning I have an exam"
"My baby isnt online yet  booooo"
"@willameda I really really hope that doesn't happen."
"@ebrettrubin i dont get one? fine! i say texting is way more meaningful than twittering"
"Now, I regret not going to see Up today. Damn you, messy room."
"is at cindy babys house......taking in these last fridays we have together  DR!!! i hope"
"T.G.I.F to bad i have to spend it in the E.R"
"really don't mind (too much)) sittin @ standstill, listenin 2 music, twttrg. But the gas gauge isn't lookin healthy"
"@nessa665 this creepy guy when I was walking the dog  I've had my fill of creepers for the day"
"@LaurenConrad it says Lo's page doesnt exist"
"Sick. Feel like jello, can't talk, and delirious."
"wishing I was anywhere but here..."
"@BBC_Fangirl Won't let me watch since i'm in the states.  Boo."
"the next 2 weeks, exam wise, are AWFUL. there are 8 exams and I don't see how I can adequately revise all of them  I care least about..."
"@jwalsh well, the requirements are quite high as well"
"@Erock2106 yeah! but too late  lol"
"Getting ready for my graduation party ........(id much rather be at Hello Marquee or Dane Cook)"
"@LaraLea awww, we JUST missed you then!!  But I'll see you tonight!!"
"@apunbindaas ......when I find chays keys  im gonna clean my room up tomorrow. They'll pop up"
"Just woke up from a five hour nap. I still have a headache.  Medication time!"
"@patzilla83 I can't have any."
"@tine143 I was going to but I'm siiiick  I'm so mad!!!! Jason said I have to recover fully before I go paintballin again! Are u playing?"
"@marshallochs i don't have texting....."
"Because you're everything to me DEMI LOVATO"
"Have a HUGE headache... don't have asprin here at work."
"playing singstar without my fave duetter"
"i cant spell"
"@casablancadonna Glad TS brought it! Sorry about ur foot shorty...ur gonna have to relax wit the heels"
"I really want to go to milwaukee but my sis doesn't want to  well she won't tell me"
"This economy thing is getting us down. I stay positive mostly but sometimes it really gets to me. Hoping Todd gets work soon."
"@GentleSinner Very afriad  I might copy the picture that I just put up... and change it a little, should I?"
"it is red hot bin tryin 2 get 2 sleep 4 ages but i cant"
"i want  to go to a  concert  from fob now!!! i miss  it   can't wait  any longer ..."
"Sleep time for me now, lots of last minute revision tomoro; exam on Monday  night tweet-ers &lt;3"
"http://twitpic.com/67rcp - Another one...those were taken at 3 am MET! U see I have a real sleeping disorder"
"@jillvee If it keeps up like this I'm soon not going to have anything to blow the liquids OUT of!"
"@SelfEdge what causes the frustration buddy?"
"ugh! my teeth hurt! its taking the enjoyment out of jack-in-the-box."
"It's raining and I'm outside without an umbrella."
"Why are young people attracted to trouble? this makes me sad!  ,&lt;3 kMv"
"@MysteryArtist I never knew"
"@mitchelmusso i love you but i can't call you cause i live in argentina  really really love you mitchel!"
"@alittletrendy but he was only 39  sorry, I tend to ramble about him,"
"Every time I pay off my library fine, I get a new one.  I'm a bad patron"
"Laying in bed til workkk... Oh the life. Definitely pinched a nerve."
"@MissKittySF umm well i only go to house clubs and i never go to north beach so.no idea, sorry  been out 1x there 2 a now defunctlesi club"
"Then it just HAD to start raining here. ughh... (via @dusktallon) haha you died   what did you do at muskoka"
"@marting05  I know... he's mad at us... :'("
"@hatz94 Nooooo get on now! Haha i'll be gone later"
"owe i just burnt my hand on the toaster oven"
"Had a great day, apart from the fact that I bought a USB HUB and as soon as I plugged it in, it broke!!!!    Damn you Tesco!!!!!!"
"so  im really borde and i dont know what i should do."
"Okay, this weather isn't &quot;cute sundress&quot; friendly. I dont get how it could be so warm one minute and cold the next. I was freezing"
"@its_sb I killed my furby tooo"
"@lucashardy how are you gonna get them? I got bitten"
"4 shifts down, 2 to go... then its my birthday!! but, should i be getting excited??? im turning 29 which means im almost 30"
"@kerryisonfire i just went to find that unity girl on bebo, i cant find her! i fail at bebo stalking"
"Its finally nice out... An hour before we leave"
"@nina_serafina85 Its headed this way"
"@thepresidentJx3 no one ever gave me the info I'm sad"
"Just found out that one of my coworkers in St. Paul (who I actually know and talk to) got laid off. This blows."
"Gonna miss the girlys soo super loads! Wish I wasn't going for 3 weeks! It's wayy to long"
"went to bestbuy today and found that they had pretty much ever HP except the one i wanted to look at"
"@AndreaKoeln awww, im so sorry hun  im sure she didn't do it on purpose though, she seems so sweet! Maybe it was a 24 hour thing? :s"
"@SuprnaturlShana I'm sorry you're having a bad day   I was just looking back through. Do I need to give someone a knuckle sandwich?"
"@AlpineKyle I am in the 'real world' which apparently involves a lot less twitter....  sorry!"
"I think the rain killed my phone"
"Seth Green tells WalletPop his secrets of financial success as 'Unbroke' premieres. link was too long"
"Missing Nate more than usual tonight"
"@Glinner I'm sorry. It sucks I can't get spotify free. I would never stop you but I just got 5 links from 3 different people. It's crud."
"@souljaboytellem Lucky u Im stuck in the rain..."
"Also just realized that my digital voice recorder doesn't have a USB port!?!?! I think I picked the wrong model"
"@markhoppus Are we going to be able to buy more than 1 ticket online through livenation tomorrow? cant make it to LA"
"@Linebeck Wrong  Besides, you wouldn't even draw for yourself now so giving yourself the &quot;responsibility&quot; to post there wud be better"
"@elainanic  hope u feel better sweetie"
"Uh-oh...it's becoming grey again out here. I hope it's not one of those &quot;pop-up showers&quot; on the way."
"@kirstiealley After many attempts, I can't figure out how put a pic in the avatar. Tells me pic is too big. Frustrated trying.......sorry"
"is not looking forward to returning to reality tomorrow."
"@its_sb I swear mine was evil  it was green and everything LOL"
"@Kreeoni I can't follow that one"
"oh no! :| no more celebrity ding dong for ages"
"@sanchaaaa im sadd sancha  june 18 for me is a fail  its gonna be you and chini (((((("
"@NB82 aww sorry ot hear that  least its work though!"
"@DatBoyXO oh wow...hope he's ok  u take him 2 the vet?"
"last thoughts, again: is sorry, laura. and doesn't want her last tweet of the day to stuart to be nasty   *hugs* ?"
"I have class tomorrow and tomorrow is Saturday, I hate having class Saturday"
"one of my besties is moving away"
"At Home Depot and no one will help me load my plywood into my van for some reason."
"ugh! looks like it can rain any min now"
"do not go to moes mexican grill, it is TOO spicy!"
"@RachelDouglas I am totally trying to get back my PCW too"
"NCP no longer has job placement"
"I'm at church now..bout to od on my smoothie bc it might be melted when I come back"
"A 35 minutos... Split-up."
"@AnnieSenior what are u talking about??? since when dnt u trust me? this hurts... Im a good secret keeper"
"@DNK_Anais I feel reeeally bad now.... sorry"
"@loveyoumoreMJ unfortunately I'm not drunk enough lol and have no money to get drunk  I have had alot though as u can imagine haha"
"am so bord and wishes she had an ipod touch"
"@TrillMill I need to go shopping with you...but I need to save my money"
"@nkangel74 Yeah I hate that too!!!! Sorry ur goin thru that"
"im scared of thunder"
"Well just left six flags. Didn't get to ride what i wanted to. Bummer.   maybe next time."
"@afwife08  sorry to hear that. Is is a 365?"
"so sad i wont b able to go to the eugenia kim sample sale in ny. womp womp."
"@Only_Leah   i cant help it all this talk about losing our fathers makes me sad"
"Fuck.. my legs are sun burned..."
"@MarieC09 My right ear's been blocked up today  bit like when you've got water in it. Any idea's 2 clear it? don't like putting liquid in"
"twitter is acting weird"
"@SoleneD i need a job that can pay off all my hospital bills. i have been very sick lately."
"Bah DHCP server, why must you keep falling on your face"
"It's cold and cloudy and I have a million loads of washing to do"
"@ninjang facepalm  hope the interview is a choice and not a forced thing..."
"@filmscoregeek Thanks for the R, but, sorry, the LOTR was spam."
"ughhh rejected from the 09 mediation program. SUCKSSSS."
"nooo i cant be sick...not now! im about to go see my new nephew"
"So much for just an oil change... Do not pass Go, do not collect $200, lose $160"
"@JonathanRKnight wish you were on your way to Tampa! FL girls are missing ya!"
"@CHRISDJMOYLES Sorry to spoil it but he didn't this time"
"Santa monica bound"
"@mitchelmusso i wish i could call you but it will cost a lot  my parents wont let me"
"Brand new is playing at the epicenter in July when I'm in NY. Jesse lacey why do you hate me?"
"@heatherjoy76 I have to figure out how this works!! I don't get it  Hope you're doing well!!!"
"@mercutiom i know! i just got off the phone with them. it will leave a Giant hole on Mill. + Regions also closed."
"I know  I have no clean clothes either. And the washer's in the kitchen  Damn you #kitchenfire"
"twit, my way out of grad traffic."
"can't sleep... havent finish my homework  DAMN IT !"
"already crying and the movie only started like 15mins ago"
"Just passed a wrecked car  hoping everyone got out OK. Finally picking up speed. Should have been in B'mpre by now."
"@BonusJonas Lucky. Winter is coming for us"
"It's STILL not working!! Why not!! This is FRUSTRATING!!!"
"wow, almost got involved in this big fight at school!  ah, but anyways text me? going to causin's house, plus game crazy."
"I am tired tired tired, I think Im getting sick."
"Been sick all week and still not feeling so well, can't go to Lena's cook-out  Gunna spend some time with the fam!"
"sorry I've been away for so long exams comin up  plz pray for me ya'll"
"@riskybizness23 sooo, u just gon cheat on me and tell everybody on twitter? I don't know if I can trust you anymore.     j/k"
"@mitchelmusso Mitchel you have no idea how much I want to call you!! but it costs loads to call from england!!!"
"Please read my blog http://amandallynn.blogspot.com/ I'm not having the best day"
"My poor lil piggy  Chuck saws it looks like a cartoon character's toe."
"@Saraa_xD Si  pero parece que las personas de facebook no estan de acuerdo  (that was probably all wrong, but I tried...)"
"eating chicken noodle soup...... its one of those days"
"@KComer yeah &amp; when it goes wrong it's the worst feeling ever"
"Is sad clint hurdle got released. I liked him"
"My head hurts beyond much."
"@ kbal24 I am sorry that you are feeling that way."
"@ThisStarChild Did I miss the fun?"
"Why do I look so awesome in heels yet am so afraid of them?"
"@batendersblog she had another song out recently but it didn't get that much play"
"My debit card is going the same way as my credit card, it's snapping"
"@XxHollyJoannexX im home alone in the house and imma scared  x"
"@jgoode impressive fever!  best wishes to her, hope it's nothing serious"
"okay, need to hit the sack.  i gotta wake up in like 5 hours   goodnight everyone!"
"Just broke my favorite necklace  superglue?"
"I'm quite afraid to string now since I don't have any .024 wire use"
"@mitchelmusso I aint got no money to buy any cred to call u  and am in lONDON"
"@thethermals sorry guys, the WAVVES show was canceled, they missed their flight"
"@iesb I'm so sorry to hear that you're in the hospital.  Hope you'll be better soon."
"@neon_lights aw what's wrong?"
"now i dont feel so good"
"/me really sad that /me can't go to Java One"
"@AndreaKoeln hmm, okayy, im really sorry to hear about it  why do you thikn she would have done that? :S"
"@Audioprincess  Nice. I just have water haha. Lucky you! I still have most of my exams to go  Yeah I'm okay just worried about exams :/"
"@turnitgrey I left mine in music...i think i don't have a camera anymore"
"too bad i'm @ work  ..."
"@MrsDDoubleU no I want too, but a couple of people said it wasnt good"
"hey Tweeties, my auntie jus got n a bad car accident...pls keep her yall prayers  ...thanx"
"poor bella is in the ER with her first and second ear infection since both ears are infected. Her screams were blood curdling!"
"Not ready for this year to end"
"Oh no she stopped!"
"Headache is coming on"
"@mrsmicah I'm glad your inside too. Take good care of yourself. An event in Rising Sun?  Too bad you're filling ill or we might see you"
"flipping out on my hairloss....gotta go to the doc."
"These messages are teasing me! It isnt fair."
"Scared  waiting for the call"
"It's starting to look like the @ScifiLeague website may not happen in any form"
"@Victoriouz tres rude VICTOR!  :\"
"@arronthomas whats wrong babe?  x"
"i think the food i ate made me sick.. i no feel so good"
"Ahhhhhh I got stitches  I seriously cant wait to go to the beach! SUMMER HURRY UP!!!!!!"
"I dont like seeing my best friend cry, it breaks my heart and I dont know what to do or say"
"Hadnt cried in such a long time"
"there are some really scary noises coming from outside"
"I can't take it anymore"
"ok, i am finally starting to hit a draw, but now my short game has gone to crap!"
"wish I was feeling better...I've been holding a potential cold at bay for a few days now &amp; I think it is winning...aches, cough"
"totally having austin powers withdrawl symptons and Darrius withdrawl symptoms and mommy and minne withdrawl syamptoms."
"Anyone want to buy me this anthropomorphic planter? http://tinyurl.com/m6sru3 Only available till the 31st"
"So exhausted"
"@eeeethannnn I do NOT. I RARELY dye it at all.  the red was the first in aaaagggessss. My hair just hates me."
"@jenscloset WOOHOO!!!!! nothing says a hot date night than a squeegee! LOL i'm watching Dora on noggin with my 2yr girl, hubs is at work"
"Has a bad feeling that this time next yr, her fav musical may no longer be on the West End"
"@dunnybrasco Im home, phone died thou"
"it's the weekend but 9 year old is grounded which makes me grounded too"
"@JustYassy it wont work for me"
"@mitchelmusso I cant call you from Europe"
"@LLCOOLDAVE Trying to fix my background"
"@pbreaze I heard from @ricklondon &amp; @thehilliers you're away. I miss you too  Look forward to tweeting with you when you return."
"aw man! have to go, only got to listen to the block party for like 10 mins"
"@sam_h786 as ur coming on to here im just off to bed  hows ur day been? x"
"@souljaboytellem hell yea its hot here  i miss cali"
"I miss the seniors already"
"@fallenfrommars yeah! but too late hun  lol"
"@oxEmalieexo: Lol it went okay! As far as I can tell . But then I had to do a test today for geo and I was all zoned out and got like 65%"
"@fiddlecub Guessing that's a question to everyone. I'm struggling to finish my last university assignment before I can start my summer"
"NEED A JOB ASAP...JUST GOT LAID OFF AND IT SUCKS"
"TWITTER WILL NOT UPLOAD MY ICON PICTURE  it hates me. Eff this, i'll upload it later"
"Sunburn is really bad now. Regretting sitting in the sun without suncream now"
"Need some coffee... Getting serious withdrawal symptoms"
"At The Only with @camfinlayson and @momotoronto, but not with @MoxieGarrett."
"i like how, no matter how much fun i'm having, i need a hug, a bowl of ramen, and a comfy blanket as soon as i get home."
"By @nikhilbhaskaran Drove a #-mazda #RX8 today and boy, that car is fun! Sadly though, I don't find my car that much fun any more"
"@LaurenConrad mmmm lauren conrad eeeeep im going to miss the hills"
"@jesamine Here's a more appropriate @ tweet... is everything ok  Your last 3 days of tweets don't paint a good picture :-C"
"Whoa. UP is sad."
"@b0nk T ere is a visio document but it�s continuously changing until now."
"ughhh my leg is still cramping from my panic attack outside ULU this morning   bloody hurts!!"
"In cafe management, the end of the month is nothing but numbers. My arty little head hurts from finding discrepencies"
"they aren't selling jamba juice at my school today  they're going to sell it next week. on monday."
"getting ready... omgosh, so nervous"
"Wishing Adam wasn't at work"
"Still at work whaaaaaaaahhhh"
"@Mitchelmusso: Am getting upset listening to the say now  I want to speak to you Mitchel but my darn phone got no money on x"
"It is 00:03 I'm Wrecked  I'M Hungry &amp; I have to get up early. Not the perfect Fri night LOL night"
"I miss my closest freind,Shirley, She went to France for the summer  I miss you Shirley!!!!"
"It's so hot tonight  ugh gross."
"I wish I could spend my last weekend as a high school student in burbank with everyone and not fly off to dc"
"@hogaan can you stop working so i can have someone to play with !"
"the fact my room is so hot is making me feel sick"
"Wish I brought some warmer clothes. It's chilly here.  only negative thing about the trip (&amp; the no sun which is connected to chilliness)"
"@azandiaMJBB Oh no! Dreadful thought! Won't you get to spend any time blipping at all next week then?"
"What happened to my early night? Am about to turn into a pumpkin"
"Now have an unpleasant talk w/n-laws 2 look 4ward 2...."
"@Mcpattz ouch, thats your achy back...so sorry ... i didnt mean to cause you pain"
"Just saw &quot;Drag me to Hell&quot;. Sam Ramei is excellant as usual but the kitty scene was kinda hard for me"
"@tommcfly Tom, get ready, here in Porto Alegre is really cold"
"this cheese is fuckin up my stomach"
"En el salon.. Que caliente el blower ouch"
"@RealJudgeJules Gutted your not playing Kos in July Jules"
"I need someone to watch my yorkie."
"@mileycyrus i bet you miss trace loads"
"@ProfLovee why you not go on the twitters no more?   oh bais!"
"my tummy hurts!"
"@mkuioka808 You still have class? Ouch"
"@candyisrad  what's wrong with debbie?"
"@_Chelsea_Marie wow u might have bad days lately ...  Sorry... Where are you workin ?"
"I think I tricked out my ankle during cardio yesterday.  I'm getting old."
"I don't know what to do about tomorrow"
"@Rorzshach Are you okay?"
"driving home,I�m so tired,had a bad day"
"i was an extra. got ready for work for nothing. studying all night"
"I'am back to Tweetie 1.1.1."
"It hurts to breathe again.. Why?"
"26 pin multi core cable goes bad just B4 service"
"I have a belly ache..."
"I miss ya, Boyfriend!  When am I gonna see ya again? Br!Tt@Ny!!!"
"@Jovani_Celeste  how long is the delay?"
"i soooo want to get a Nikon D 90  damn y do they cost soooo much!"
"imm tired of callin @mitchelmusso &amp;&amp; hearin other convos  i wanaa call himm!!"
"Everyone on the eastcoast... the rain hates us  let's just all fly to Cali. LOL"
"@WerewolfEmbry No, trying to reason with it. It didn't listen"
"Squashed Foot  xx"
"@WonderlandDream I can't, I have an exam on wednesday"
"@BigEish How?? and who is Mommy??? I want to call but the phone is still broke"
"@erin_elaine Our chandelier is here! I seriously don't know how 2 get it through our door without sending it crashing down our steps"
"Back from comedy night. Great fun. It's only midnight. I'm knackered. I'm getting old"
"why does it randomly hangup on me?"
"I am unhappy"
"@GentlemanRiot yeah, I thought they weren't food grade, but apparently they were. Kind of a big waste."
"Also, why are paracetamol so hard to swallow? Even when the long ones are snapped in half. Ow."
"@TeamCyrus AHHH! still not following!! Do you think she forgot??"
"I want a lie in tomorrow! Won't be getting one though"
"@tinylegacies D: But it is making people unhappy and I dun like unhappiness"
"@tccrt3r !! WE WILL MISS THOMAS  BUT HAVE TO MOVE ON. SO WATCH THIS! http://bit.ly/r6RfC"
"@darvin111 you don't even care about there, their, and they're."
"Doesnt feel good!  but I cant miss work tomorrow!"
"dang that burrito and toaster strudle(sp?) was just a tease im still hungry"
"@HolidayParade so close to tennessee"
"http://twitpic.com/67tcr - Ouch!! Burnt my arm on the grill"
"@buddahwong i wish you were in my class last year"
"is poolside. Bowling toniht maybe?? Back to work tomorrow"
"Ouch...waited to long to get eyebrows waxed"
"I drive &gt;90mph on a daily basis. u cld film Fast &amp; Furious off of me. But anything  &lt;1 mph is not my forte'. I bump Anything!."
"going 2 bed.  its gonna be a looong day tomorrow with the sun shining and i'll be inside working like a (hot)dog! (who makes sandwiches)"
"@greenphoenix09 thanks!!! But ummmm can't find that option  http://myloc.me/21F2"
"Eugh, just seen a huge spider running about &amp; had to kill it with my shoe... I HATE spiders... &amp; crawlies that come out in humid weather"
"Uhh badddd day. Tired and ready for it to be over"
"If my phone dies I will die too!"
"... looks like it's gonna rain"
"@JayFmOnline i hope so. i really need one! we'll see. unfortunately drama always finds me."
"can't set up my phone on twitter"
"@KallieT this is sounding like the worst lurgy ever - the one that just won't go away ..  ...are you ready for end-of-rope action yet??"
"Wat a nice day it was 2day!me and rachel decided to walk to work and walk back lol..was so warm inside tho"
"@hopeless_hearts hey,got your text. cannae hen, family are comin over  i've got nae money to come to livi anyway  xxxx"
"@miss_cass my throat hurts today.  blahhh."
"How to ruin Friday? Your dad tells you there's something wrong but you should be at home so he can call you. He usually *never* calls"
"@mateomac l'm on 3 days too matt. No fun this weekend."
"Trying to figure out how this works  ... BOO"
"@scavengerlor hey thought ud be on here most likely, im stressed out  i really dont know why  x"
"@CrossedOutName pandora is blocked at my work  bummed"
"I'm so bunged up!! I Hate colds!!"
"back from dr. appt. no real diagnosis (hmph), just prescribed antibiotics, and an inhaler to help w/ the extreme coughing."
"Oh hey, look, North Korea are going to kill us all; or at least some of us."
"WIDE awake, scoffed 3/4's of a pizza and feel like a sumo  such a weak day! Run tomorrow"
"http://twitpic.com/67twh - This has never happened before =/ orange blinky lights. I think I've broke my battery again"
"I feel useless I don't know what to do right now. I'm so bored"
"@bigkelleh i am sorry  that sucks. i got my overtime in my check already today....now i am really tempted to blow off tomorrow"
"@marginatasnaily haha..i wont  well il try not..lol... night chick..xxxxx"
"Hate being skint  Anybody want to give me another job? haha!"
"Poor Flores! Not happy about the latest news  #Nats"
"I just burnt my ear"
"@m_longman yes i am.  but she didn't follow me"
"@drunkenlovee it'd take jamy 6 months to figure out how it works. I wanted to go see a movie tonight! then i remembered the game was on"
"i need monies.  school is expensive."
"@jonheadley @jsanfridsson gutted i miss that! the one night i try 2 leave early  lol! friends visitin were tired haha!"
"Major iPhone problems  Wont let me send texts BUT I can do everything else! Can anyone help"
"@MyInnerTricia it is gay...u have dissappointed me that past few days"
"@heyheykarla I'm sorry about your car. I feel for you..."
"@nicksantino NICK WTF I WAS GONNA GO BUT I HAVE NO RIDE. Boo"
"Sugarland. So hot outside.  why so much hotter than the northwest?"
"sad ending to the softball season."
"@lizwebpage Hmmm...chinese delivery it is. Altho, how will I order? I CAN'T TALK!"
"@TFA2431 aweee im sorry  but deep down u know i love ya!"
"Some guy just said he wanted to spank me"
"@LysdelTellez I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"how bad has life gotten where u  werecounting on the church50\50 raffle? the answer is real bad"
"@meekorouse Very cute - I don't think I can make it to MakerFaire, sadly"
"@hopei91 I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"Wishing it was naptime"
"mad the rain got me...now i cant go see jaiden   *|)|/-\|\|/-\*"
"Miss the newest version on Glade on Debian.."
"Boredom isnt any fun..Wish I had somebody to hang out with tonite.."
"@cageyjames Nope, won't be  .. Although I am not sure I want to go!"
"It's gloomy as hell outside today."
"@trent_reznor...are you really not touring anymore????  my brother told me. I'll miss ur concerts!!"
"@tbirdj Oh man, that sucks  I'm sorry, doll."
"@shanselman: first impression is that it's considerably  slower to boot than 2008  #beta1"
"how sad. last entrance 2cal academy of science was at 4pm. and it was zipcode free day too."
"this hole twitter thing is new too me, its not letting me change my picture so your stuvk with the wee stpid thing for now"
"So much to do this summer, hopefully all comes in favor and nothing has to be cancelled  worked hard for it..."
"sorry my bad."
"@markharr You'll be waiting a loooong time"
"turning laptop of. i'm scared  poor baby."
"wonders if anyone would care if she died tomorrow"
"@Tayluvsbroadway yeah  fail times. she was in an accident like a month ago, too, almost same thing. was on the bus on her motorscooter"
"still sick  thinking about naming the puppy june"
"@Audioprincess  Ah bad times   I hate exams. I feel so unprepared this time as well. Sucks haha."
"My blackberry is soon approaching her death"
"Such a headache  It's killen me!"
"@Mcpattz I hope u enjoyed it and your back is now feeling much more better  God,its 1:20am...heading to bed  God..too late..good night"
"trying to upload a custom background on here, but it's not working"
"acho q to"
"@WerewolfEmbry I'm sorry."
"Gettin ready to head back to Chi...don't wanna leave Indy  #fb"
"@lauradanner I am lost. Please help me find a good home."
"@saraht578 What software do you use to design sites? I'm a CS student and currently I hard code everything. It's not the fastest way..."
"has broken off the fb wedding so sadly no longer has an excuse to get @ hauntingxealot to Goulburn"
"off work early"
"Thinks she's getting sick....."
"At the orthodontisssttt"
"trying to fix my internet connection...guess my 'prayers' have been answered and i wont have any study distractions  ugh"
"@jarnmang  Hope everything ok! Can burr fix this?"
"@abbefied Bummer- that is a bad experience."
"Waiting to put my story about Stereo Skyline up. Don't know where to put it. BOOOO"
"@thatkidkevin my phone died"
"@mamamikey paramore makes me want to punch babies  lol"
"r u still there? ? I guess not    i want to talk to you"
"im in pain, shit"
"@AdamSchwabe Oh no....Sorry to hear that ...."
"Prayin for dad  in Wellington, FL http://loopt.us/F8_Jqg.t (via @furman27).       I too live in welly.  May i pray for you?"
"kind of.i'm trying to make sure i have everything yet still look after the boy.hubby isn't home yet"
"@KSdaisy Oh, that sounds bed..poor girl"
"@Twinnikkib too late  I'm already on the bus goin home  what the he'll u talkin about drinkin tea????"
"@ryansporn Don't be mad at me.  Please? ::puppy dog eyes::"
"I took her cracker now she doesn't love me"
"@nerak35 hello 30stm-fan  another one that's cool. i don't know one fan of them in person only via the net  so how are you?"
"Working on something exciting... and I cannot tweet about it for several months"
"@architeuth1s oh no fair.... thats in 9 hours"
"Unanticipated thunderstorm quashed camping trip"
"Just got my marks...  BCIT is the death of me I swear!"
"I hate to say this, but CLA really should have had a press conference or something today."
"Families  I really feel for some people and wish I could help but I can't"
"Just got home from a work.. and not looking forward to it tomorrow morning! Oh and tomorrow night! Great"
"feels very very sick  hmph."
"@StaceMichelle I doubt I'll get one to be honest"
"I'm really nervous about giving a speech at a wedding tomorrow"
"Today was horrible. My sillyness caused me a whole lot of stress and head ache and it ended up ruining a beautiful sunny day."
"its about to storm..soo much 4 goin out  ..ill just play on the net for awhile"
"AHHHHHHHH omg Pridelines got talent is giving me a headache!! wtf omg osn !!! Make it stop mommy make it stop"
"peeling so much!!   ..I feel so bad"
"@NKOTB So when are you guys coming to Alabama...you were supposed to be there tonight but cancelled...I had great seats"
"@livlovsmileGRN what happened? I thought you were coming back today...."
"just wake up.and i got flu  http://plurk.com/p/x2zp6"
"@saragarth Thank yooou! I might have to get it seen to... hm...  xx"
"@cherylsayshi i thought it was just me that was like really hot. My room is too hot to sleep in"
"@markymark7 Omg really??  I sowwy! I'll do it again! :-p I was tired when I did that this morning. :-p lol!"
"@gosner living in harlem, i can say for sure that there is far more pollution here than in other parts of nyc where i've lived."
"I want to panic"
"3 days left of school!  For Bryce and Tyler, that's 3 more days of elementary"
"@FAITHL0VEH0PE I guess if you can't accept me....i'll have to keep it movin"
"@LesbianDad i really wish i could make it! a 12 hr. drive just isn't going to happen this weekend."
"@umassdilo PE and AA? That's a toss up. Did your mother have a &quot;fun&quot; time dealing with American Airlines (I assume)??"
"I left my ipod in the car so now its all warm."
"@juicystar007 ahhh im on your blogtv waiting room"
"I want to go see Drag Me To Hell tonight. But no one to go with"
"Doesn't feel well and Derek won't get me any medicine"
"I think I may have ruined a friendship this week by getting carried away"
"Giving up. Everyone and their cat is using Castle.DynamicProxy2. 3 out of 4 of my dependencies need each a different version of DynProxy2"
"@marialuvsu i guess ill never have it  but the sad thing is that u didn't put an Alternate e-mail!! cause if u dont remember ur secret"
"@omoly girl i am buying &amp; posting your pressie tomorrow but i have no fucking clue what to get you so i'm sorry if you hate it"
"@paulatoole Sorry  I wasn't doing the inviting...all single women I think."
"Brittany moved"
"I don't wanna be single the rest of my life"
"mom is on her way home  but yay for mother son days! she even bought some new shoes. haha."
"is bored, cant go on habbo stupid ban"
"feels a sinus headache brewing, but can't take drugs."
"Goodnight all! No iPod still but found my old MP3 player...we'll see how long it holds out for.  xxx"
"I'm at work!!!! Ugghhhhh someone save me now"
"What a gloomy day in the OC,Cali"
"@ubringmejoi in spoke to you yesterday and u didnt respond girl  wassup though!"
"I wish I lived closer to the girls.  I'm tryna chill on a Friday night!    (@winonapatron next weekeeend! Drink all day AND night?!)"
"@mia423 Sleeping in for me is sleeping until 8am  But you know I have 3 kids ...."
"Now I feel sick."
"@oxEmalieexo: Awwwwwwwwwwe  That okay. I missed bullet's concert in toronto last summer 'cause i had just gotten into them D:"
"I should go shower but FFAF is fucking distraaaaacting"
"not ready to say goodbye to spring awakening tomorrow. ugh  anyone else going to be there???"
"people are not twitting very much today"
"@mrsBAUERxo why has it been so long since i have talked to you let alone seen you?? it makes me sad"
"I am having serious cig craving... head for kitchen, let the non smoker weight gain begin"
"missing his voice"
"Omg! Really? I just ran into a wall"
"enchiladas weren't as good as I thought they would be     now I know why I don't eat mexican"
"Is it sad that I'm a little sad it was the last day of school?  I am so ready to be done with it...but saying goodbye is hard."
"Wish I had time to make it to the CFI lecture tonight after basketball"
"well.. all my slacking off earned me a D and a C   but at least everything else are A's and B's ^^  next school year all B's and A's Esh!"
"@Natasja_Cupcake I think only 23.  I get confused easy tho. LOL I hope so if so two stopped following me 2. I know one did already."
"sore throat again. gaaah. it hurts."
"going through security already miss my baby."
"Thought I was seeing top shelf jizz. Very dissapointed!"
"Im not doing the hunt, i was in the middle of making it but all my work got erased  sry guys, now i look like a idiot for replying 2 all u"
"@staceyclarkin More than welcome...would love to do more physically, but family life doesn't allow"
"@BriaNicoleSison Why aren't you at blue martini with me??"
"Just wrote another song, but i ran out of ideas so this one is a bit crap"
"Karine Ruby, &quot;former Olympic snowboarding champion dies at 31.&quot; http://bit.ly/uKRBg"
"@Deztini tolddd you there was thunder! ew now it's all rainy D: i'm scared!"
"@hughsbeautiful Is beastypops tired? I wish i was. My tablets are just making me want to throw up!"
"I cant afford life right now. Everything i want to do is too expensive"
"has made a decision and will stick to it although I'm really not sure it's the right one"
"@casper1201     my bracelet broke today too."
"@mitchelmusso i would love to call you but i live in Norway so its a little hard"
"can I just go to sleep and wake up in December when my house is all organized and the baby is here?.. feeling like poo today"
"@lid86 he already got a shot at having his own show and didn't prove himself"
"I couldn't do anythin cuz he jacked it when I stepped out for like 30 seconds &amp; was already outside up the mtn when I came back.."
"Looking for the @japadog in Coal Harbour. Can't find it!"
"@TheMonkeyBoy I never get them and the hubby is due in next week.. &lt;cries&gt; hope its gone by then"
"My car has an alarm &amp; immobiliser so it makes it incredibly complicated AND costly! I have no key code neither for the immobiliser."
"@PhillyD i wish i could be there!! too much going on.  sad day"
"@mitchelmusso Are you still taking calls? We were next to talk to you and we got disconnected before you got now."
"&quot;your true theatre calling? - musical theatre actor&quot;  i wish :'( xxx"
"off for the weekend! yay. i gots work from 8pm-12am though  it sucks cause this is like the last weekend for partying and im gonna be at"
"Great. Now there's a cloud that's really, really dark grey right outside my office window. This sure has a lotta precip with it."
"@tommymercedes wish i was but im in chicago"
"just left &amp; already misses Nashville  be back sunday"
"Doesnt't want to get up"
"@Kristen_Oyler Poor little woman with her smushed in head"
"I think I lost all of my blog posts"
"off to bed with my sore nipples"
"@chillingo  I wanted to beta test but saw the thread after the results were announced"
"@djeebus i cant drink cause i dont have a dd to take of home"
"@mitchelmusso i called you too, just YOU don't pick up! i think i deserve a shoutout..."
"aww i feel bad cause i dunno if nicole is in the city looking for me. she's probably worried  srry hun"
"So confused about what to do?"
"sunburnt again"
"@SaadZaeem nothing much man, waiting for my Insurance card to come through... Cant get any workdone here w/o it... Redtape"
"@gregorybayne I'm so sad I wish I was going to"
"its getting really windy out there"
"@funtimeshelly sorry to hear about your dog"
"@SexyShaq it starts @ 6. But we will be there until they throw us out. Traffic will be crazy!"
"@Jessimikuh go and see my puppy! I don't want to be there alone"
"I recommend returning your broken duck toy with the batteis it came with or the person who your giving it to may get mad!!  trust me!"
"@nofearentertain Just read up on your Mom   Hope she's okay!!"
"@PBCProductions  Why couldn't you let me know sooner...I can't call out of work on this short notice, oh well here is for next time."
"@samanthai Ahh well he can only spend short amounts of time on because of his mum  You should scroll back at our msgs!!! ;-)"
"Well, it's very hot out. And i want to listen to lines,vines,and trying times!!"
"@MileyCyrus: Oh. The voting is over!  But don't worry, I already voted for you about 100000000000000000000000000000000000 times earlier!!!"
"Ive got mad cramps in my legs"
"@allisonlodato YES PLEASEEEEE. i miss you  ps i'm bouts to text you"
"@itsgabbith hMm well at least you got them out! Sorry about it though  wish you could keep them in!!!"
"I just realized the reason why I am so sad today is because it's reeeeally gloomy outside"
"Got a Real Bad  headache"
"June is going to be a long, lonely month."
"@selenagomez aww  but we miss you here in the USA."
"And now im all hungry and thirsty. and too afraid to go downstairs..."
"@mitchelmusso I kept calling and calling, but never got through"
"@Vasilly I think I have some tea somewhere. It's probably old though."
"@JYoungS2TS Yaay! I was supposed to go, but I missed it"
"I have a farmers sunburn! Ahhhh!"
"I dont know where to get my hair cut!"
"@Jennicricket not sure i can make it"
"is gonna be mad hungry when I get home. Forgot my money..."
"@mitchelmusso I wish I was able to talk to you."
"@Russzart Ohh noo. Joshua im sooo sorry i was out ,im really sorry i didnt get to see you :''( please forgive me  I'm sorry &lt;3"
"@o_0robertpatt Why do they do that?!"
"@vickytcobra i'm sorry your day wasn't so good  does it make you feel better to know you're beating oprah on ms twitterworld?"
"i hate storms."
"@xsparkage LOL that is so Charlie......I miss Charlie"
"Why can't I sleep ????? Is it too much to ask for :-P"
"@JennycLiu Oh yah! My dad does that. But I don't have a landline."
"@dhewlett I'm still trying to see Star Trek! I'll just have to Woman up and go alone. BF is pretty much worthless anyway  lol"
"*moment of silence* for the Budget i'm bout to b on  I spend wayyy to much $$$.... OMG! I'm on a Budget?!?!"
"i look like a freaking tomato  goin to graduation.."
"@iheartmc I'm sorry sister!!  just think you get to see your man in a bit! That should make you happy. You guys should call me tonigh"
"Hmm, no holga for me probably"
"I'll have to take a picture of the moon tomorrow night  not gonna happen today :/"
"Darn it, I'm craving wedding cake... a craving that's very hard to satisfy with anything else!"
"Explains why the Woodman offramp was closed  @abc7 Breaking: 2 suspects robbed Union Bank at Riverside &amp; Woodman in Sherman Oaks."
"@Lynne90 wasnt it supposed to have been in for yesterday?"
"@derwendtde so sorry about that  I have the same issues...LOL. My weekend started about an hour ago!!!"
"@dreamergirl822 it's really gutwrenching.  So sad"
"@jordanknight off to bed with fingers and toes and everything crossed u pick me-lol! Hope ur well and got back safe,poor Jon  xx"
"Visiting family in hospital = not fun"
"I burneded my tummy"
"@jimyvr Yeah, and that's where everything becomes difficult and generalisations break down. Not an easy problem  ."
"is having trouble breathing through the pain..and now i have a damn fever...   (^~^)&lt;^&gt;"
"@WardrobeGuy Sorry... What does that mean? I currently have a world phone &amp; I use apps. I'm confused..."
"@reddevilleanne aww  i guess not that many people are online though..."
"well no phone today, we are waiting till June 9th to get a better deal sooooo  but its all good"
"i dont want to be home all by myself all weekend!!!!!!!!!       what should i do?"
"i havent gotten any prank calls making me laugh in so long."
"My Tummy Hurt"
"and i wish i gave you one last kiss"
"My vibe is currently downed.  The only thing amusing me is my Joker shirt. *Looks down and pokes shirt* I want a peanut butter sandwich..."
"@Dani___ okay, i'll finally get to meet Dia! that's her name, right? oh geez i'll feel so stupid if it's not."
"@ahr19 Yeah, I'm behind on my classic cinema calendar-making. I haven't had time to go see any anyway."
"This really sucks, I'm supposed to be home in a couple of days and I'm not  I hate borders and visa's."
"@yes_i_am_jes YAY! congrats! i'm afraid to check my grades!"
"@askegg Argh, I'm so sorry you couldn't come... It was great to get to know everyone..."
"Gary Just tried the Ommegang Chocolate Indulgence: no chocolate, no indulgence, just ... metallic.  Best I can... http://ff.im/-3o7RV"
"@symphnysldr what's goin on hun?  I'm worried about you"
"Poor Johnny is sick   Looks like he'll be going to the vet tomorrow"
"i have a headache"
"@heyrai wow how ominious was that   im stayin in the house. n nobodys comin over either!!! LoL"
"Really big spider on the floor two metres away from me  am actually a little scared."
"I hate dreaming that your at some awesome party and you wake up at home, there was jager at the party too"
"Anybody else experiencing painful slowdowns with facebook?"
"Wow, I didn't realize my seats were so far back.  I hope I can enjoy the show enough for what I paid for the tickets."
"Oh No!!!! I must be gettin old!!!! My mom use to watch this show....I miss her"
"Moving is hard work! This is my last night in the house I grew up in."
"@mitchelmusso i'm about to have to hang up   my fone is getting to hot"
"Just finished bowling with my family.  It's definately not the same as with my friends"
"In the dentist chair with a very numb left side for crown prep. Not fun to keep mouth open this long"
"My tweetdeck won't pull up."
"missing cat makes me sad"
"@loldarian OMG SO srry to hear that"
"@Jayme1988 Hi SweetiePie!! It's Friday night and I'm .... missing my sidekick &amp; his slippers.  It's just not Friday night w/o him."
"I want a new UI  But I don't want to actually set it up myself."
"@Rosellyanna lol i know  and haha..did you fall asleep?? or just get bored of shaun :p joke"
"Friday night... And I'm not doing anything!!  But I might go have some tacos at the lunch truck in Pasadena .... Just maybe."
"The engine on my car blew"
"Well, Sacramento, I hope you appreciate Rivkah Sass &amp; treat her well. I'll be sitting here in Omaha, pouting"
"Caught in a herd of somalions"
"WHY DOES MY COUSIN PICK TODAY TO NOT TURN UP EARLY"
"@JuliaWo I feel your pain... dont you hate those days"
"@saamanthajaane :o exams. YUCK    that will be hectic!"
"@tashamclellan Oh nooo  I'm sorry you can't go!"
"@mlexiehayden How would I know if u didn't tell me??? Too busy cakin to pay me any attention"
"Im soooooooo damn hungry!! wat 2 eat??"
"@HimOverThere aww noooo that doesn't sound too great"
"shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiit advanced databases in 8 hours and 13 minutes  fail"
"iPhone is doing that &quot;not opening downloaded apps&quot; thing and I forgot my cord at home"
"@_juliamarie people just don't appreciate nature. it's sad. did the lil dude survive?"
"@TwoSteppinAnt Damn"
"I will miss the soccer moms"
"iamkiara__  im so sick  I fell over last night outside coz I was putting something in the bin"
"A little irked at the moment"
"Dentist  my tooth really hurts! &amp;0hhh yeahh I'm with this girl @ashliebrillault maybe you know her? She was Kate on lizzie mcguireee!&lt;3"
"I'm fighting off feeling sick. Hoping it's just tired. I'm really not feeling too well, though"
"@Dannymcfly i wanna a picture with u, in the hotel the security didn't allow me  it's so sad, i don't even know when i'm gonna see u again"
"Greenville Drive games just aren't the same without the &quot;Baseball Guy&quot; clown."
"fighting a cold."
"Aww I have a tummy ache"
"driving past Tattered Cover w/o stopping  promising myself to make time next week."
"@pandjcrafts yeah I'd just uploaded 20 pics &amp; positioned them just right, then 'poof' gone, before I could save"
"I need people to shoot so I can work on my new post processing technique.. but I need to show off the PP before people will want to!"
"@HughHefnerJr uh oh u gonna fire somebody??"
"Driving home to trade cars  hopefully it makes it! http://myloc.me/21SL"
"Thinking about Debra leaving in July."
"oh!, I wanna buy Just That Girl - Drew Seeley, but I'm not allowed  I'm talking itunes store)"
"@ChellyBelle I'm chopped liver."
"Misses her work peeps"
"has just finished reading Twilight and thought it was crap...okay, it was alright...okay, i love it and really wanna read the next one"
"I don't feel well at all"
"there is poor lost duck outside of Olive Garden. that makes me sad"
"@HimOverThere gosh, poor thing! Get well soon, leg.  xx"
"Sitting and waiting and hoping this lady would hurry the hell up... I hate moving... It super sucks..."
"@WordofSouth Damn brah, u not happy?"
"went on a long 10 mile bike ride today, then it started raining"
"@Cre8tiveSin sarcasm?  i need a PJ to fly to the hotspots and party and fly home for work the next day"
"@BuzzEdition You're welcome. Hey, have you sent love @CTK1 's way? In hospital today for surgery to sort old motorbike accident"
"Ugh, migraine."
"cowering from pain"
"Can't stop coughing, feel like I might have bronchitis again, no fun"
"my phone is going to die too prematurely"
"@ArtOfDying any chance you might come back to moncton? i had to miss the show tonight"
"My birthday is on Wednesday. I'm too young to feel this old."
"I don't feel good"
"@greentm what happened yesterday? but phone calls with unwell parents - yeah .. know how that goes ...  .. i have two of them now ... meh"
"@rickoshea whats up rick??"
"Man! I need to make-up that $35 loss.. this is why I'm going to hustle this weekend AKA not going to have a nice, relaxing weekend."
"@ladyjori whaaaat what about your house? You've been working so hard on it!"
"@SinsualDzires phone updated and she's got a camcorder on her phone now--mine hasn't updated chit  that ain't fair ."
"It's a sad day when Christian Lacroix has to file for bankruptcy"
"@crescentdreams everything.  *weeps*"
"feeling even worse today"
"tomorrow should be good. but apparently no movies"
"AHHHHH I needa hurry up and shower before this &quot;HUGE&quot; storm hits"
"didn't get to see his movie!"
"@mitchelmusso I'm never calling you again. Your phone is a scammer. It said I'm next and it hung up on me.  Now I can't get you."
"Am listening to Darren Hayes's Spin. Am talkin to my wacky friend who's going insane. I ain't at all tired and I'm messed up bout things."
"fml. i stepped on a needle.. ouch.. waaaaa  damn drycleaners"
"wishes her love was coming home"
"@ Barbs trying to figure out y the dsl aint connecting. I need my google. Going home to my computer if it don't start working soon. SMH"
"the muscle in my back is cramping up, hurts so bad! owww"
"@lyndygirl any suggestions on how to get rid of that lovely gasoline smell? As it is still in my car"
"Wonders why its so hard for me to concentrate..."
"riding daddy's bike (yes a man's bike, very convenient! NOT) in the dark without glasses on. i was scared  but i survived HAHA"
"@yelyahwilliams it could be a bad idea, Hayley"
"@ladymaryann No news yet"
"good night fellow Twitterati. back to work tomorrow"
"I got battery acid in an open wound on my index finger  Fuck, it burned so much."
"@officialSPChuck did not understand anything you said"
"still no date for bon iver next week"
"still babysitting, i want another boost"
"My twitterberry doesn't work!"
"crazy kids won't nap!  I think it's the heat... and I still have to tell them that they can't go to Grandma's cuz she's sick"
"@Gaylib1986 it was just areply on you facebook status that you were a little upset"
"blip.fm is on it's last legs"
"ahh im getting really tired and ej isnt up yet! im might have to go to sleep without talking to her again"
"Still feeling weird about my ex and her engagement.  My mom made things worse.  I don't even want her, but it's still odd"
"being at work while sick blows! kill me. i feel like crap"
"i'm sorry i'm neglecting you, twitter."
"Wishing laying on my side wasn't the only comfortable position, I am tired of laying"
"I've got to meet him tomorrow, midday and hopefully, fingers crossed, it'll all be sorted. My head is still hurting though."
"@Lujee #3aaah mosh 3aref a facebook any more"
"im hangin out with my cousin holly and tlkin 2 my grandparents.......  my phone went dead"
"@xsparkage imagine if you really were lost and lost all contact with DT!  that'd be the saddest day of my life haha"
"I am not doing much  all well!"
"@selenagomez don't leave us"
"My back hurts"
"Well, I made the list look better, but I can't do anything about the number pictures, since I already closed that tab."
"7.53.  7 minutes till 8. This is not my best day.  I`m late for class again."
"@OfficialRyChris *waving* you wanna come get Diablo, he barked so much til he made himself sick"
"Ok.....Twitter is not near as exciting as I thought it would be!"
"i do indeed have tonsillitis. the only good thing: ive been advised to eat lots of ice cream. [but no solid foods  &amp; im bed ridden.]"
"@LULuwanderlust whatever don't make me feel bad!  ill bring you a surprise"
"@kericontrary not  you, me, just drank too much."
"@iCharlotte My original non-Yahoo acc. was deleted when they got bought-out  But it's not too bad, I don't receive any Yahoo-spam from it."
"http://twitpic.com/54khn - I am very sad. They cut down my Pink Tree. I noticed it when I left today to get Betos"
"dont wanna go to mississppi!!!!!!!! UGH!! texas is my home..... UPSET!!!"
"bummed about the softball loss 0-1   These girls are so good at only 12!"
"@verwon nice .. I can't ever get that from my ex!"
"@jimwtodd I don't know! She never answered me"
"i wanna go home"
"@inkyoctopus I always forget SOMETHING when I travel. I am at Newark airport."
"Marley crying for more ball throwing....keeps eying me through the door"
"Life is over! Just went to get tickets for all time low, sold out  anyone got spares or wanna sell me theirs?"
"I'm miserable with my boredom."
"blehhh i feel poopie. i have a fever and my whole body hurtssss   FML"
"@ddrdiva @laurapasik @that70sgrl I've always been a ppl person just hid behind bad self confidence for 2 long  u can do anything!"
"@Stace3811 I'm sorry you aren't having a good day.  cheer up though, your day doesn't define you..."
"Missing my baby ducks"
"lied last weekend when she said she wouldn't get upset, just an FYI."
"in a very stress mood"
"Any Windows 7 users out there have any tips on how to make the default install NOT take up 15GB??  I knew it would be big, but srsly..."
"@selenagomez  noo Selena i really wanted to see you soo badly im your biggest fan dont make me cry"
"@starletta8 Oh that's too bad.  Do you just get sick when there's too much heat? I do"
"Okay haileys really gone now.  everyone keep her in your prayers."
"can't school just be done already? it hurts too much... seeing him every day"
"WTF? Twitter doesnt support messages from my phone -I wanted to be able to Twit while on vacay.   Poo on you Twitter"
"@charmand3r oh no!  I hope you get on soon! &lt;3 I miss you and I can't wait to see you again."
"im wearing a certain tye dye tshirt at the moment. and it misses its 8 counterparts..."
"* My besties. If only @ddlovato was there.  on Twitpic: http://twitpic.com/67hac - My besties. If only @ddlova.. http://twitpic.com/67hac"
"@BrittneyCash Shame about your job  have you thought about working for yourself?  there's big money to be paid http://bit.ly/1864ml"
"@charlieskies am i too late for a cuppa?"
"Well this is just lovely.  I am completely flattened by a back injury.  There goes the weekend."
"Woa NOBODY is inside the movie theater... Its termenator ppl shud be in here... Scary"
"grrh my phone (brand new might i add) keep just switching itself off and others are saying theirs does the same"
"@vmarinelliRVA Parvo sucks. So sorry pup has it.  I lost a puppy to parvo many moons back. Still sad over it. Hope he's better soon"
"going to look at a bunch of open homes today. just to get a feel for the market. i think i've got a lot of saving to do..."
"Today was good but some people have friday attitudes...not good"
"My poor little 7mth old was taken to hospital yesterday. We are syringe feeding him at home because he doesn't want to drink."
"Gah... why is my Macbook Pro getting so frickin' hot just sitting on the table doing nothing?"
"oh no.... please... dont do that to yourself again"
"wow, 5 pm rolled around really fast. I accomplished only one thing on my to do list today..."
"@DSTheStar1121	REALLY?? oh.. sorry yall  lol"
"My saying now  http://bctiny.com/po4me"
"@xx_Megan_xx Thats all i've seen too   5 till 7 is the 2 hours I normally sleep so I missed it :mad: haha"
"Working on a Friday night"
"I'm so freaking afraid that once again I've managed to stick my foot in my mouth and scare yet another person off . . ."
"going 2 watch Dogtown, hope it's not too sad!"
"Just found out that Anne's brother died unexpectedly - he was only 44.  Warm thoughts going out to her family..."
"Is in bed not able to sleep  bloody bipolar!"
"I dont believe in my eyes or should I say on my browser? OMG OMG OMG"
"i miss my old phone it worked so good until i dropped it  i want a new one for my birthday..."
"@Haunt1013 Sorry RB is on PS3 for me"
"@Cowbelly I really want to!! But it's one of my few free weekends that month and am booking clients  Mama needs to make money."
"Grass fed beef burgers with sauteed mushrooms and cheddar on wheat buns along with a salad. Yum. Poor Kim still isn't feeling well"
"Still sick  bout to play some ps3 till the laker game starts"
"i will be without an assistant for the next week"
"Startin to get a head ache!!!! Uuuggghh!!!"
"busy working on a new kit... and a couple interviews done...Yea! The weekend! Pray for my Uncle, still young and had a massive stroke!!"
"I don't want to sit at home on prom night. Someone hang out with me"
"Printing from Opera gives me a much better result (but printing to PDF it names it _stdin_.pdf) - always gotta compromise"
"i get a message that my account is suspended as far as i know i haven't violated any terms contacting twitter now.."
"@dorr did some research, but couldn't find the specific thing which i wanna do with this drive's autorun"
"@hookedonheat what was it? I missed it."
"@lomara It was a lot of stress, though, so with that and supporting two big families he never quit smoking and died of lung cancer at 51."
"zzzzz.. best friend going to europe in a few hours  .. i'm gonna miss her! hope she has fun though"
"@Lindsay_007 so I tried to send you a direct message and I can't because you aren't following me"
"@ermadea sorry about your sadness   nitenite love"
"back home from shopping. putting stuff away and waiting for nets friend to come over. I guess I'll have to put my pants back on"
"damn im so bummed out right now....nobody loves me"
"Wake Up..... Please."
"@gawhatafeeling Ooooh, I'm jealous  I might try and get some for the saturday but I have an exam on the monday that Im gonna fail"
"@moozmum aw i'm sorry  i was rooting for you just to let you know!"
"Fender is hiding under the couch ... he knows I'm getting ready to leave and he isn't happy about it"
"Trying to go to sleep but no luck  I think i'm sick... =S"
"@mathewsanders Floor mopping sounds unappealing"
"homework...boring"
"This is not fair... bath again...."
"today was such a horrible dayy"
"@killerannax oh no!  i'm sorry. at least you'll still be able to buy regular tickets and not worry about limits?"
"is nervous about getting a house out in town"
"@sullivancc14 haha I really don't but I'm going to this workshop at school next week. Are you going? Plus my car is broken right now"
"Things that happened today:  My younger brother ran over one of our dogs. Yeah. I know.  She's going to have surgery this weekend."
"@LisaMongold I know.  I have such guilt associated with picking winners."
"my head hurts...."
"is on allegra, flonase and a steroid inhaler for the rest of the allergy season. throat still hurts from the asthma"
"I wish I had more followers on twitter"
"is spending her Saturday morning taking notes for a research essay because some stupid whore recalled the book I'm using. Not fair"
"STILL NOT DONE WITH PAYROLL. was supposed to be off at 4:30. i have a headache"
"zoombezi bay was soooo fun!! buuuut my legs are soooooo sunburnt"
"at my lil sis 8th grade graduation....i already kno dis is gonna last all my life"
"@ehuffty i can't believe i missed the brewcast."
"Oh my Lord, I have no idea if any of this crap I spout is getting to anyone"
"Looks like I got a defective MacBook"
"@PeterPolaco signin autographs would be boring I think! Get wasted 2nite! Have fun! I'm stuck at work"
"@hardertospell why don't you have that song you gave me that song"
"my car is broke"
"arrgghhhggguuuiiissshhhh no idea what to do for this modern assignement....  Burma or Cuba???? eeeep help!"
"sooo im 20 n im just now findin out i have asthma"
"last day of volleyball miss everyone already. Oh well, banquet on 10th hopefully everyones gonna be there"
"@knw3 I watched it all online. http://www.musicistheheartofoursoul.com/search/label/Niptuck has the last 8 episodes of S5"
"@Mszjai nvm i just got ur message that ur sick"
"Last Heroes ep until Sept  Sick &amp; drugged for past 3 days. Dr says lacking in everything, esp -get this- SUNSHINE."